David S. Kong: So.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Let me start some music.
Tim Sackton: so we will pick up. Oh, and I just wanted to.
Tim Sackton: yeah. So we will pick up in the tomb of Apollyon, as you find yourself.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Hold on one second.
Mike Sackton: Sorry.
Tim Sackton: Alright! Did you see my tokens.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, not yet.
Tim Sackton: In Row 20 that you should be able to see on the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where.
Tim Sackton: Stone, construct and metal, construct.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see the one from last night on the map.
Tim Sackton: Oh, no, it's on the sidebar. If you click on the little on the little
Tim Sackton: wizard spell book thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I've never clicked on that before.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, cool. They look good.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So we pick up in the temple of Apollyon the 5 of you, plus
Tim Sackton: a chelite zombie. And here we'll swap out the
Tim Sackton: you want to do some of the metal one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Correct.
Tim Sackton: It's medium or large.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Eric Rosenbaum: I closed its tab.
Tim Sackton: So you gotta appreciate the faint hint of a red beard.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, amazing!
Eric Rosenbaum: It is medium.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: We pick a and that last for an hour or 10 min.
Eric Rosenbaum: It should be an hour. Right? Yeah, 1 h.
Tim Sackton: Okay, we pick up on the main floor of a call.
Eric Rosenbaum: Character. Sheet.
Tim Sackton: Napoleon's tomb, slash temple moments ago a Polyon, in a
Tim Sackton: fit of rage and hatred against elves unwilling to let one
Tim Sackton: survive in his presence, which maybe wasn't as clear as I intended it to be last night, turned to
Tim Sackton: dealt with, and commanded him to die, and then fled in the face of well laughed.
Kate Sackton: Dorm dolphin.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Turning into a gray mist, black mist, and disappearing through the floor, leaving you to resuscitate, dealt with.
Tim Sackton: and consider where to go next
Tim Sackton: the room you're standing in is massive, maybe
Tim Sackton: 200 feet from end to end.
Tim Sackton: You are before the large statue of Apollyon that dominates the center of this sort of Temple
Tim Sackton: worship area, but to your left and to your right there are, I'm in the distance, small
Tim Sackton: or smaller, I should say, not small themselves side areas, side chapels of sorts.
Tim Sackton: The whole Temple slash tomb, slash prison is
Tim Sackton: in a state of construction. It was never finished before
Tim Sackton: Shamut attacked and destroyed the city.
Tim Sackton: And so you see partially carved murals, stone cutting tools strewn around statues that have not been finished.
Tim Sackton: Even the large massive statue of Apollyon. That many of you are standing near or on right now does not seem complete. The the
Tim Sackton: face and the and the features just hinted at rather than carved in pure detail
Tim Sackton: other than the stairs up to the dome that you're aware of. There is obvious stairs, although
Tim Sackton: clearly Apollyon went somewhere into the floor.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: I can use my one of my stone sense abilities to detect underground
Eric Rosenbaum: caverns and stuff. I mean, obviously, they're down there.
Kate Sackton: I was hoping you would do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I mean, what it says is, typically, there's an extensive network of underground chambers. So
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder if there's a way I can get more detail from it. I'm trying to look it up here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Stone, cunning.
Mike Sackton: M.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, no, it's not actually on my character sheet. It used to be.
Tim Sackton: The spell.
Tim Sackton: No, it's a spill.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do, do, do stone, sense.
Kate Sackton: We just barely stopped fighting.
Kate Sackton: Have we actually had a chance to poke around the side chapels and see if there's any stairwells going down.
Eric Rosenbaum: What did we resurrect?
Eric Rosenbaum: The elf.
Kate Sackton: We rather have to deal with, or
Kate Sackton: Riswin is offering cure wounds if he's.
Mike Sackton: So.
Kate Sackton: Rest that brings some sort of restoration. I can still top that up with cure wounds. Let me know.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. So Delith comes back from the dead, looking quite shaken, not having ever died before.
Mike Sackton: Unlike some of you.
David S. Kong: It didn't stop 1st time. 1st time's always.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a doozy.
Mike Sackton: And he sort of is, that say,
Mike Sackton: yeah, he's he just seems sort of a little like distant, like he's still processing.
Mike Sackton: What?
Mike Sackton: But he's also badly hurt. The spell you cast for vivify? Right? So I come back with one hit point but so he immediately starts
Mike Sackton: right summoning this sort of Denequi magic and start starts casting this prayer feeling, and anybody who stays within 30 feet
Mike Sackton: of me for the next 10 min. So he's like casting a sort of doing a healing ritual to try and recenter himself after dying, and anybody who stays within 30 feet of me
Mike Sackton: or the entire for the next 10 min, gets the benefit of a short rest.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah, I will do that. You have to get my feedback.
Mike Sackton: To get yeah and get seeker your inspirations back.
Mike Sackton: I think everybody else. It's kind of useless.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll take the time to really thoroughly search the room, check for anything.
Mike Sackton: And also is anybody wounded.
Tim Sackton: Packed out with.
Mike Sackton: Other than dealt with.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because then, you know, emotionally shaken up a little bit.
Mike Sackton: Because anybody who is wounded also gains 5 d. 8 hits.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, well.
Tim Sackton: I presume it's all the benefits of a short rest. So Riswin can do inspiring leader, and you can do
Tim Sackton: it's just a short, it's just a normal short rest, right?
Mike Sackton: Gain anybody who yes, gains the benefits of a short rest. I I don't know if I could do heroic inspiration because I need to cook and.
Tim Sackton: Riswin could could use an inspiring leader.
Mike Sackton: I mean, you could also do. Couldn't you do a
Mike Sackton: channel? Do you get back a Channel divinity on short rest?
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Can't you just do a healing Channel divinity to dump
Mike Sackton: to heal? I don't know how much you heal with a healing Channel divinity.
Mike Sackton: But isn't it like a decent number of d. 8 s.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's a good idea.
Tim Sackton: I forgot about that. You're probably the only person who knows about this man.
Mike Sackton: Because one of my players is a cleric, and she uses that feature not infrequently.
Mike Sackton: It's a new 5 e feature that
Mike Sackton: lets you just heal with channel divinity.
Tim Sackton: Hey? It's
Kate Sackton: 58, plus 5, with my divine spark.
Tim Sackton: You know.
Mike Sackton: So 3D. 8. But that's not nothing that gives me 88 without spending hit dice.
Tim Sackton: No, because you used one Channel division, Kate.
Tim Sackton: Now, one channel divinity getting here to drive off some undead. So you yeah, so.
Tim Sackton: But you only get.
Mike Sackton: But you only get back. How many did you get back on a short rest? I thought you only got back.
Tim Sackton: Or you only get one on a short rest.
Tim Sackton: so you might wanna use one.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I can use hit dice. I don't. You don't need to cast a spell. There's no reason not to burn hit dice.
Kate Sackton: All right. So I will expend one and then regain it. Yeah, in this short rest cycle.
Eric Rosenbaum: So one question is, are there cracks in the floor
Eric Rosenbaum: that something the size of a I don't know
Eric Rosenbaum: a marble? A small object, could actually get through down to an opening far down below.
Eric Rosenbaum: because I can animate something very small, sentient.
Mike Sackton: Like somebody could. I could also cast gaseous form if somebody wants to turn gaseous and float through the cracks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I could also get a rat and be sensed through it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: The floor. There are not cracks in the floor big enough for a rat. There are cracks in the floor big enough for like a penny.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's because that's what I was wondering about. What should we send down, though? Anybody have check your pockets. What do you have.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know.
Mike Sackton: One question before, does heroes feast go away when you die? So my maximum points go back to normal.
Mike Sackton: Or not, I don't know.
Tim Sackton: I don't. I'm not sure.
Tim Sackton: I don't see why it would, because if Riswin died it would go away.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Work.
Mike Sackton: Since I'm getting my spell slots back.
Tim Sackton: Attunement does end, but you can reattune in a short rest.
Mike Sackton: I I am going to, Kate. We can't hear you.
Mike Sackton: I'm also gonna oh, there you go. I'm also going to cast aid. Since I'm regaining my spell slots I may as well
Mike Sackton: I need one spell slot for prayer of healing, but I only use one spell in the battle.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: So so, Rizwyn Kenzo.
Mike Sackton: and dealt with. Get an extra. Add, change your HP. Max, change your Max HP. Modifier, add another 20 to it, so it should be 34 Max HP. Modifier.
Mike Sackton: Last time we also had 16 temporary hit points.
Mike Sackton: You still have those della doesn't cause he died, so the temporary hip ones go away, but you still have those.
Kate Sackton: We don't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of a downside.
Kate Sackton: I'm just. Do they stack.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Error.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's the Max HP, stack the temp. Hit points. Don't.
Kate Sackton: Why not?
Mike Sackton: 10 pinpoints never stack. It's just a rule.
David S. Kong: So wait. So we replace. So before it was 14 on the Max hit point, modified.
Mike Sackton: Now it's 34.
David S. Kong: Oh, wow! Holy shit! So we're getting more. Okay, that's great. I love that.
Kate Sackton: But the temp hit points are just 16.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, they don't change.
Eric Rosenbaum: To it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does everyone sorry I missed something? Does everyone get a different Max HP. Modifier.
Mike Sackton: Not you seeker sorry!
Eric Rosenbaum: Do I still have my 4.
Mike Sackton: Because I can only do 3. Yes, you still have your 14. I can only get 3 people. I figure Kenzo Riswyn Kenzo, because you're in fighting deal with because he's fighting Riswin, because if we die she has to be alive.
Eric Rosenbaum: Although maybe Rizwin doesn't, because she could just kill people to stay alive. Maybe somebody else should take it this time.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We gave the helmet to the one person unwilling to casually murder.
Mike Sackton: That's true.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hey, seeker, for what to animate. I've got this silk rope, and it occurs to me
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you could tease it apart and pull out these long silk threads, which you could easily animate to make a tiny little ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: I love this idea. I'm noticing, as I budget my crystal
Eric Rosenbaum: magic charges, though, that I could either do this or the latter.
Eric Rosenbaum: but not both within a long rest day, because it's.
Tim Sackton: Well, you can still animate the ladder. You just can't give it special effects.
Eric Rosenbaum: I thought it was 3 charge. I have 5 charges total, and the
Eric Rosenbaum: performance of creation thing with sentience is 3 charges.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I see.
Eric Rosenbaum: Couldn't sorry I was mixed up.
Tim Sackton: Hey? Did you roll your.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can do both things.
Tim Sackton: Time for dealt with healing. By the way.
Kate Sackton: Oh, I roll that! I didn't know.
Mike Sackton: You're sorry. I forgot you were doing that. I just I'll I'll take back, I mean, doesn't really matter. I got back to full health by spending hit dice and.
Tim Sackton: I don't think you're gonna have another chance to spend hit days before either you're dead or instead.
Mike Sackton: I would just. I would just
Mike Sackton: just get back your Channel divinity and have full set. I don't need healing, I I the prayer of healing, plus my hit dice got me back to full health.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Kate Sackton: I would stand by in case you need any.
Tim Sackton: So what were you asking?
Eric Rosenbaum: Just getting mixed up between performance of creation, animating performance, and then the different glove effects that affect both of them. So it's a little bit confusing as to know exactly what to do, but I think
Eric Rosenbaum: what I can do is take and take
Eric Rosenbaum: the concept of inspiration, not inspiration. The effect from Welby's suggestion and actually use performance of creation. My ability to create a tiny silk ladder that's even smaller than the one Welby was going to show me so that it's even stealthier, like maybe only a few inches long.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: And apply 3 crystallized magic charges
Eric Rosenbaum: to imbue the item with sentience and mobility. So it has a move of 30 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: a fly of 30 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: 16 hit points proficient in stealth and perception.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool, what should we call it?
Mike Sackton: one quick thing sorry before I cast prayer of healing. I am going to use ghostly gaze and look around just through the floor to see if there's anything obvious down there, because I can then get it back on a short rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: See? Yeah. And the problem with sending Mini ladder down there is that
Eric Rosenbaum: we just send it down and wait for it to come back. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I'll just do a quick look around.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike Sackton: With ghostly gaze, just to see what I see.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: And that might.
Tim Sackton: How? What's how long is ghostly gaze.
Mike Sackton: It's 1 min.
Tim Sackton: No, the.
Mike Sackton: No? Oh, you can see through solid objects to a range of 30 feet. What we've normally
Mike Sackton: implied is basically it's not like your vision is only 30 feet right?
Tim Sackton: Right. No, no, no! If the you see.
Mike Sackton: And I do have
Mike Sackton: devil's sight, so I can see in any sort of darkness to a hundred 20 feet.
Tim Sackton: So there is immediately below this level.
Tim Sackton: There seems to be a large under crypt of sorts.
Tim Sackton: That's full of like unfinished stonework.
Tim Sackton: Like ladders that seem to have disintegrated into dust.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tomb. Tomb of the Ladders.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Stone, you know, stone working tools, barrels that have cracked and fallen apart.
Tim Sackton: and there are stairs down from there. But you cannot. You don't have the range to see down below the.
Mike Sackton: Right 1st under level.
Mike Sackton: But there's an obvious undercrypt kind of right below us.
Tim Sackton: There's an obvious undercorp right below you, although how to access it is not clear.
Mike Sackton: Possible.
Tim Sackton: Then there are stairs down from the obvious under crypt, going even further down.
Mike Sackton: So I'll report back to this that maybe we should
Mike Sackton: just use pass wall, to go before you do all of your scouting and stuff, maybe
Mike Sackton: Do it from the next level down.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now, just one question before we go down to the undercrypt.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is anybody really.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Say that again I missed it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Dave.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, your audio was a bit choppy there, Eric.
Eric Rosenbaum: And that, and we can figure ourselves out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Walk through that all again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe it was just me, but I think we lost you.
Mike Sackton: I lost you, too.
Mike Sackton: Go kick the Internet.
Tim Sackton: Eric, can you hear us.
David S. Kong: Napoleon's 1st victim Disrupt Internet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The range on. That's incredible.
David S. Kong: He's able to cast spells in in a fictional fantasy world that affected us in real life a little terrifying.
David S. Kong: I wonder if maybe it's better for Eric to call in.
Tim Sackton: I was. Gonna say, you could. You can call in.
Mike Sackton: Eric is.
Tim Sackton: Rejoining.
Mike Sackton: Rejoining.
Kate Sackton: Maybe her mom has a landline like Alexandria has.
David S. Kong: Hey, that's like
David S. Kong: interesting that Internet in Vermont, you know, it's like, it's Vermont. A lot should still have Internet.
Mike Sackton: But rural Internet's bad everywhere.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): While waiting on that. During the short rest, Welby did scout out this whole level, look for
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): ways down, especially knowing that there is something below.
Tim Sackton: Okay, go ahead and go ahead and make a perception check
Tim Sackton: oops.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: where is roll 20.
Tim Sackton: Just sent you a message. Schwartz.
Mike Sackton: Also during the short rest, I mean dealt with his praying. This spell is like a prayer for healing. It goes on for 10 min. Usually, when dealt with casts these like religious spells. He's mostly kind of
Mike Sackton: not very religious about it, like he's asking the Denekwai spirits that he gets magic from to help.
Mike Sackton: But it comes across as actually like, we're asking an ally for like, Hey, can you help out with this problem as opposed to prayer, but he's actually, during this prayer for healing like, was praying to
Mike Sackton: Almerica, the Elven God, who you've never heard him pray to before, but like he seems very
Mike Sackton: sort of lost in some degree of thought, and asking the elvish God for guidance.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All it took was dying to really find religion there.
Mike Sackton: Buying is a big deal.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Eric, dropped off. Roll 22.
Mike Sackton: Maybe he's restarting his computer.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, he's probably restarting his computer.
David S. Kong: Or we've underestimated a Polyon's power.
Tim Sackton: I'll I'll let him come back on before I describe what.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. What Bobby finds.
Kate Sackton: I'll talk to you.
Tim Sackton: Can you hear us, Eric?
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. There we go!
Mike Sackton: Yep, we can hear you.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can hear you sorry about that.
Tim Sackton: Let's hope it stays. Okay. So I was about to say what
Tim Sackton: what Welby finds as he searches as he returns from searching just about as as Darwyth finishes his prayers
Tim Sackton: and what you report. So on the left side the the west side of the
Tim Sackton: of the temple this side chapel. It's I mean, it's a big room. It's there's a row of columns that separate it from the
Tim Sackton: from the main sort of temple space.
Tim Sackton: and although obviously unfinished. This is clearly a monument or a, you know, a depiction of Apollyons
Tim Sackton: triumphant rise to power. There is a mural that's unfinished that you know, depicts
Tim Sackton: Apollyon, leaving his army with the scepter of command.
Tim Sackton: There's a mural that is mostly finished that depicts Apollyon standing in the
Tim Sackton: the large arena, the amphitheater. That you could see when you flew your ship, over flew Vendestarna over drankor raising his hand as
Tim Sackton: A few 100 paranor are executed in a mass execution.
Tim Sackton: There is other depictions of a Polyon
Tim Sackton: standing above the 8 divines. The 8 divines bowing to him as the temple is, as you know Temple is dismantled, which you know didn't happen, perhaps more aspirational than
Tim Sackton: in truth.
Tim Sackton: But it is clearly a quite, you know, militaristic and imperial display of Apollyon's triumphs
Tim Sackton: on the other side, opposite. Here. This room is, is mostly unfinished.
Tim Sackton: but there is a massive mosaic that covers the entire wall.
Tim Sackton: Almost no tiles placed, but you can sort of see how it's been sketched out. That's seemingly supposed to depict Apollyon's ascension to God.
Tim Sackton: There are, you know a Polyon standing, the crown on his head,
Tim Sackton: the cloak flowing behind him, scepter upraised.
Tim Sackton: lines of energy radiating out from the crown in all directions, circling around the scepter, being amplified and amplifying the scepter
Tim Sackton: and as he slowly ascends from this building
Tim Sackton: somewhere. But again, it's mostly not completed.
Tim Sackton: you do also find
Tim Sackton: But so in the central room there's this large
Tim Sackton: large sort of central altar here. One of these floor tiles in the back is loose, and it looks like you could pry it up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Relevant.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That good.
Tim Sackton: And that's what dealt with will be fines as dealt with and reports as dealt with, finishes his prayers.
Kate Sackton: We're trying to get down.
Kate Sackton: It's bound to cry up in the air, we practicing better.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's open the floor.
Tim Sackton: Probably have to pry up the thing.
Tim Sackton: It lifts to reveal underneath it a wide staircase leading down.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I feel good about going down.
Eric Rosenbaum: Check for things that are not stairs on the stairs.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna make sure detect. Magic is up
Mike Sackton: check for any magic like illusions.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, check, for traps.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead and make investigation check. There is magic, but you can't see the source
Kate Sackton: Goes first.st
Tim Sackton: You don't see anything obviously
Tim Sackton: trap-like.
Mike Sackton: Bet.
Mike Sackton: Is it worth having? Seeker handout, bardic inspirations.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, I was meaning to do that before.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: That lasts for an hour, and so I can hand out
Eric Rosenbaum: 5 of them, which means somebody gets left out because
Eric Rosenbaum: we'd we're now a party of.
Eric Rosenbaum: But.
Tim Sackton: Well, night, that's 6, but you can't.
Eric Rosenbaum: And Mike.
Mike Sackton: You can't. You can't take one yourself. So.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the construct matrix.
Tim Sackton: 7.
Mike Sackton: I wouldn't. I wouldn't give one to the construct.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Give to the 4 of us, and then keep that last one in reserve.
Mike Sackton: Exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright. So I hand out the 4 inspirations.
Tim Sackton: Okay? Who's going 1st on the stairs.
Mike Sackton: Night go first, st in case there's something to fall through. That's.
David S. Kong: Very smart.
Mike Sackton: That's a great idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: Love it.
Tim Sackton: Yes,
Tim Sackton: Let me just wait. What did I do with its character?
Tim Sackton: Why do you need its character sheet, Tim? Oh, I don't know. No reason.
Eric Rosenbaum: Somebody.
Eric Rosenbaum: I love that little little dial, a little monitor there.
Tim Sackton: I've got too many tabs, but I gotta find it again. I'll just.
Kate Sackton: Checking on the K light night's darkvision right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe it's gonna level up.
Tim Sackton: As it starts to descend.
Tim Sackton: It shakes its head
Tim Sackton: and starts like banging its ear and rizwin. You hear this like static echoing in your head. That sounds like an echo of
Tim Sackton: something being shouted loudly and drank Corian over and over, and over and over and over again.
Tim Sackton: It's like shaking its head and having a hard time concentrating.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Kate Sackton: That there's a magic effect on the stairs, and need to bring paper 26.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Spell, magic.
Kate Sackton: Good.
Kate Sackton: Guess if we have to go through here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it seems like an interesting idea to try to use. Dispel magic on this effect.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I have it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do I have any prior knowledge that would suggest what level to use.
Tim Sackton: No.
Kate Sackton: The stairs like 3rd Level.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll try a 3rd level, dispel magic.
Tim Sackton: Roll, d, 20.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let me check the it drives me crazy.
Eric Rosenbaum: D and d beyond. Sometimes when I cast a spell it checks off the spell slot. Sometimes
Eric Rosenbaum: it does not. I don't know why it sometimes does and sometimes doesn't. So I always check. And then sometimes I get 2 checked off, because I, anyway? So that was what slowed me down there.
Tim Sackton: The raw d. 20 and add, let's see, I can figure that out.
Tim Sackton: 9.
Tim Sackton: That's 14, 6
Tim Sackton: You seem to have dispelled something.
Kate Sackton: Do I still sense the Klight nights, echoes of noisiness.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, your target. Wait. Are you targeting the night or the stairs?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Stairs.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, okay.
Tim Sackton: You think you've managed to dispel whatever the trap is. But the ongoing effect is not ended.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does that makes sense. It kind of does. It's a condition. Now, it's not a measure.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, that makes sense.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: That's our team.
Tim Sackton: I go down the stairs.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm wondering if we should bring the ladder up.
Kate Sackton: Better up, somewhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just mean like animate it now for the next hour.
Eric Rosenbaum: Any reason not to.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll do it.
Mike Sackton: I don't think so. No.
Eric Rosenbaum: I animate the heroic ladder, not the Mini ladder, the full-size ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: In this case I like the idea of the Mini ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: but seems not needed at this moment.
David S. Kong: This provides a lot of comfort for me. I feel like the death blow is gonna be dull by the ladder, anyway. So.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The latter will tell our story when we all die.
Tim Sackton: Had a whole thing planned for if you had animated the ladder and asked the ladder to grab the crown.
David S. Kong: Oh, my God!
Tim Sackton: It was gonna be total chaos.
David S. Kong: Oh, man!
Mike Sackton: There's everywhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: All bow to Emperor, ladder.
David S. Kong: All furniture across Talgar is is.
Eric Rosenbaum: The rise of the furniture.
Eric Rosenbaum: I love that the next age.
David S. Kong: The new age, the new age of furniture.
Eric Rosenbaum: Powerful chairs and dining room sets.
Tim Sackton: So you descend the stairs.
Eric Rosenbaum: It.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, I take a minute to animate the ladder.
Kate Sackton: Let me keep an eye on the trail at night, just in case whatever.
Eric Rosenbaum: Literally a connection. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: So you find yourself now in this undercrypt that I described before. Looking at when Dell was looking with ghostly gaze.
Tim Sackton: There are stairs down in the corner.
Tim Sackton: That lead further underground, and there's like the debris of construction and things like that
Tim Sackton: big piles of glass tiles that are supposed to go in the mosaic.
Tim Sackton: Things like that.
Kate Sackton: But Napoleon doesn't jump out of it at us yet.
Tim Sackton: Pine does not jump out of anywhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: Construct also comes down the stairs, going clunk, clunk, clunk.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Kate Sackton: Is it like pitch black down here?
Kate Sackton: Thank you.
Tim Sackton: It's pitch black down here. Yes, you have dark vision. Oh, construct, maybe. Can't see anything.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Bring a drift logo.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So let's.
Eric Rosenbaum: 60 feet on the car.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So everybody's got 60 feet of their vision.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Search this level figure out what's going on down here.
David S. Kong: Somewhere, to plan.
Tim Sackton: Hong, Kong.
David S. Kong: Kinds of, you know, tries to do a little sense.
Tim Sackton: So now you've already used it once today. So you gotta spend key to do it again.
Tim Sackton: You're probably not getting another short rest. So.
David S. Kong: Could. I haven't done that. But well, I guess Mike, already. Yeah, alright, whatever it's fine.
David S. Kong: I'll just jump out and surprise us.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I mean, we're not that surprised. We're hunting for him.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: So you're gonna how long do you want to spend searching this room.
Kate Sackton: Less than minutes.
Mike Sackton: Quick. I think I think we want to keep moving.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, bye.
Mike Sackton: Now you disagree.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, I was just gonna say I mean
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): long enough to take a good look where the exits
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): are. There, like piles of magic items sitting in the corner like.
Tim Sackton: So in a couple minutes, just looking around.
Tim Sackton: I mean, there's only there's 1 obvious exit. There's stairs that lead down. There's no other exits. Just a big room.
Tim Sackton: There is, I mean, there's no magic items lying orange.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's no like hidden exits or.
Tim Sackton: Well again. It's a you know. How long do you want to? You could search all the walls for secret doors, but that's going to take like 10 min.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, it's not too bad. Head down.
Mike Sackton: Wait so. But there's there's an exit
Mike Sackton: from here right to down further.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there's stairs there.
Mike Sackton: That's what I thought, okay.
Kate Sackton: The exits are the stairs. We just came down, and the stairs.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, I think we just keep going. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Last year we're going down. We're booby trapped.
Mike Sackton: I mean check for traps again.
Tim Sackton: Search the stairs. Wabby.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or should that be investigation, or does it matter.
Tim Sackton: No perception's fine just plain stairs.
Tim Sackton: We don't see anything out of the ordinary.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Magical.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, he says to the rest of the party.
Tim Sackton: They're dealt with as no longer sensing any magic, nothing within 30 feet.
Tim Sackton: I mean, other than the overwhelming, powerful magic aura that radiates off of all of you constantly, at all times.
Eric Rosenbaum: I take out the the wand of detect magic, and I'm gonna ask the party, should we
Eric Rosenbaum: take a moment to check for the nearest interdimensional portal. I don't know if that's irrelevant
Eric Rosenbaum: question. I don't hear.
Mike Sackton: Think I don't think Napoleon could go through an interdimensional portal right? He's trapped in this.
David S. Kong: As are, we.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: Didn't like. Wasn't there a thing? Sorry I missed it a little bit last night, but like where Dealath was trapped when he died.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, in some weird way, this is this is nothing. No soul, living or dead, can leave
Tim Sackton: this building except dead souls can force their way out through the
Tim Sackton: the door, making a crack in the prison each time they do.
Tim Sackton: There's a bunch of cracks in it now. It's gonna break quite soon.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: But at the moment nobody can leave.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I wanted to mention also, as I was digging through my scrolls
Eric Rosenbaum: looking for the Resurrection one recently I noticed one that we've had for a while called private sanctum.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's a magically secure area.
Eric Rosenbaum: That prevents people from seeing or hearing through it.
Eric Rosenbaum: and no sensors created by divination can pass through, no teleporting in or out and so forth.
Eric Rosenbaum: Creatures in the area can't be targeted by divination spells. Would that actually be helpful in protecting us briefly if we needed to rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Log in here.
Mike Sackton: I.
Kate Sackton: Probably the only.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seems.
Kate Sackton: Would rest. But I don't think we.
Kate Sackton: We'll have time.
Mike Sackton: I think private sanctum doesn't.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't move.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, we'd have to stop.
Eric Rosenbaum: anyway. I just wondered.
Tim Sackton: How long does your scene is? Scene, visibility? An hour.
Mike Sackton: Hour. Yeah. Yeah. So probably about 40 min left. 30 min left something like that.
Tim Sackton: No, I'm keeping. It's been 20 min since the battle, so.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So you're going down the stairs.
Kate Sackton: On more stairs.
Tim Sackton: He's going first.st
Mike Sackton: That that.
Tim Sackton: But traps do.
Mike Sackton: Guy.
Tim Sackton: Still banging his head a little bit.
Tim Sackton: clumps down. He's quite noisy. He's wearing plate armor. He's like even worse than Rizwan trump trump
Tim Sackton: dealt with. You see, a scrying sensor appear.
Mike Sackton: We're being scryed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, boy!
Tim Sackton: Nothing happens to the chile at night, though.
Mike Sackton: Apollyon's watching us, I presume.
Mike Sackton: Is it following one of us.
Tim Sackton: It is following
Tim Sackton: the construct.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's following the construct.
Tim Sackton: Probably wisdom saves.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, the construct has a crappy wisdom, save.
Mike Sackton: It's okay. I I don't know that there's much we can do.
Mike Sackton: except that Apollyon knows we're coming.
David S. Kong: Yeah, anyways.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's okay.
Mike Sackton: Let's keep going.
Tim Sackton: Damn you! Descend the steps once more.
Tim Sackton: You emerge now into a smaller, more constrained room.
Tim Sackton: It is something useful.
Tim Sackton: As you come down the stairs you're you're entering into a room that's maybe 20 feet wide and
Tim Sackton: 30 feet long.
Tim Sackton: and it leads to a 10 foot wide opening at the far end that seems seems to open out into a corridor through which you can see
Tim Sackton: what looked like sarcophagi.
Tim Sackton: The room, the walls of this room are lined with
Tim Sackton: carved, met carved stone iconography of people kneeling in workshop.
Tim Sackton: This room sorry this room is lit. There's
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Continual flames burning in with a sort of a greenish light burning in
Tim Sackton: rows along the floor that cast sort of flickering shadows along the
Tim Sackton: along the wall, and there's the occasional faint whisper.
Eric Rosenbaum: We want to use tremor sense to detect if anything's moving around nearby.
Tim Sackton: Nothing is moving.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does that do anything else again? I don't know where the description is of that ability.
Eric Rosenbaum: It looks like it's just automatically pinpoint the location of anything that is in contact with the ground.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it doesn't have to be moving. It's anything that's standing or moving.
Eric Rosenbaum: 160 foot range.
Tim Sackton: Yup, nothing, though.
Tim Sackton: So you proceed.
Kate Sackton: I mean fucking like we're already at foot of the stairs, about to enter this tiny room full of
Kate Sackton: crips.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Is there anything in particular we're headed toward?
Kate Sackton: We don't see another set of stairs, or anything.
Tim Sackton: You do not see a set of stairs. No, I have a map of this level.
Tim Sackton: except they can't put you all on it, because oh, I guess I can put something outside of the
Tim Sackton: not everybody can. Not. Everybody can fit until somebody steps into the room so.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So we just came down the stairs here, and we're looking out.
Mike Sackton: And we can see these. It was that a sarcophagus of some kind.
Tim Sackton: That's what I just described.
Mike Sackton: That's the sarcophagus with the.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can't see anything.
Tim Sackton: I don't think Seeker's on there yet.
Tim Sackton: Now, can you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Wait. Is that with walking through the room.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no, no! I was just moving to make space so that you could. Sorry. That's not.
Mike Sackton: I was just trying to make enough space so that you could
Mike Sackton: put everybody there. I'm still on the stairs.
Tim Sackton: Is that everybody who am I missing?
Tim Sackton: No, I've got her ready.
Tim Sackton: The big ladder following behind.
Mike Sackton: We don't really have any sense of where Apollyon is.
Tim Sackton: Then.
David S. Kong: Spend some key and just try to figure out where it is.
Kate Sackton: Possibly around one of the corners.
Mike Sackton: Possibly life.
Kate Sackton: Shouldn't write a head.
Mike Sackton: Should we go, scout?
Mike Sackton: Should we all advance together? Should we send the chill at night.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, we need a ladder token also, please.
Tim Sackton: I got it. It's right here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're a growing group now.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you're quite a big group, actually.
David S. Kong: Tim, I'll I'll try to figure out where he is.
Tim Sackton: Okay, make. So that I think it's 6 key.
David S. Kong: Is it? 6. Key?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, cause that's the equivalent of a 5th Level spell.
Mike Sackton: That's not worth. I wouldn't spend 6 key.
Mike Sackton: don't you only have like 10 key or something?
David S. Kong: I have 16 key. I want to keep per level. But I also get key back. There's a thing I can do to get key back. I always forget.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, when you roll initiative.
David S. Kong: That? Do I get all my key back when I roll initiative.
Tim Sackton: When you roll initiative you can heal and get all your key back once per once per long. Run.
David S. Kong: Well, then, just do it, cause you can get it back when that yeah, I'll do it.
Tim Sackton: A polyon. I'll make an insight check.
David S. Kong: 17.
Tim Sackton: A polyon is.
Tim Sackton: You can't get a exact PIN on his location, but he's at least
Tim Sackton: you know, dozens of feet further below you. Now.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so let's
Mike Sackton: let's keep moving. Then I think we just keep going. I mean, be prepared for something to come out of a sarcophagus and try and stop us, but
Mike Sackton: in general just keep moving.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, we gotta keep going down.
Tim Sackton: Who's going first? st
David S. Kong: Wait, wait! 10 dozens like like 10 to a hundred, 50.
Tim Sackton: No like 2 to 4 levels down.
David S. Kong: 2 to 4, the.
Mike Sackton: So like 20 to 40 feet.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, a couple dozen.
David S. Kong: Proper Dental.
Mike Sackton: 2 to 4 dozen.
David S. Kong: This is annoying.
Mike Sackton: All right. Let's keep going.
Tim Sackton: Okay, who's stepping out first? st
Mike Sackton: The taillight trap, triggerer.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You.
Mike Sackton: Right. It's he's not real.
Tim Sackton: The chely.
Tim Sackton: The Daylight Knight, at Rizwan's command, steps into the room, and you see him shake his head, and then slowly begin to kneel and start chanting something in drankorian.
Mike Sackton: Can you command him to stop being dominated by the spell.
Tim Sackton: make a yeah. You can make a yeah. Can make another wisdom save his wisdom. Saves are not great.
Tim Sackton: Unfortunately.
Tim Sackton: Let's see his wisdom, save is plus 3.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead and roll. D. 20. Kate.
Kate Sackton: Oh, heavens! To Betsy!
Tim Sackton: Oh, no! He like shakes it off, and stands up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: And begins walking forward.
Kate Sackton: We didn't spell whatever it was to get people together.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: So should I have to spell magic.
Mike Sackton: I mean, do we do we? Can I sense a source of magic here?
Mike Sackton: Oh, there's a bad guy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh oh dear!
Tim Sackton: Many, many spirits become streaming out of the sarcopha. Guy.
Kate Sackton: Many, many spirits.
Mike Sackton: Like? Are we talking about?
Mike Sackton: 2050, 10, a hundred.
Tim Sackton: Like I don't know 30.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Brits, when.
Kate Sackton: Present my holy symbol and censure the undead creatures.
Tim Sackton: Okay, I mean, I assume.
Mike Sackton: We should roll initiative.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you should roll initiative.
Kate Sackton: I have, I would take some steps forward first, st because they have to be within 30,
Kate Sackton: run into the crowd of undead.
Mike Sackton: Did my initiative not roll.
David S. Kong: 27.
Kate Sackton: Seems to be my go to initiative.
Tim Sackton: so 27.
Mike Sackton: Wait. Why is my initiative not showing up in.
Tim Sackton: Just tell me what it was. It's fine.
Mike Sackton: There's a 21.
Tim Sackton: Okay,
Tim Sackton: I didn't get seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, mine went through. I thought 16.
Tim Sackton: I see it 60.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, do anybody want to switch.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 1st one you want first.st
Kate Sackton: Mean we could try me. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we may as well see what Brisbane can do.
Mike Sackton: At 25 to clear out some of the troubles.
David S. Kong: Well, I mean, I have 27.
Mike Sackton: No, at 27. That's even better.
Tim Sackton: So it's going to be Rizwyn Welby, Doweth, Seeker, Kenzo Chalite knight.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So Rizwan's gonna step forward.
Kate Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: And make a wisdom saving, throw.
Kate Sackton: Fine.
Kate Sackton: 25.
David S. Kong: 25. Nice Rizwan is far too committed to the Barazal to ever worship Apollyon.
Tim Sackton: Steps forward and presents her holy symbol.
Kate Sackton: So that's everything within 30 p.
Tim Sackton: Everything, within 30 feet wisdom save.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: I mean each and that of my choice, but I choose them all.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: You see 18 wisdom saving through.
Tim Sackton: And how much damage does it do if they succeed.
Kate Sackton: 5 d. 8.
Tim Sackton: You roll the 5 d. 8.
Kate Sackton: Several ones, but you do.
Tim Sackton: Oh, wait! Sorry! That's if! If you, if they succeed, what happens if or if they fail, what happens if they succeed? Nothing.
Kate Sackton: If they I if the creature fails, its brain is incapacitated.
Kate Sackton: No, I guess if it doesn't fail, if it succeeds, nothing happens.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: About 20 of them vanish in a puff of spoke.
Eric Rosenbaum: And holy fire!
Tim Sackton: There are still maybe a dozen left.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's more like more like 25 of them vanish. And there's
Tim Sackton: they were 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10,
Tim Sackton: and there's 15 left that ends rizwin's turn. Welby's up.
David S. Kong: How's your wisdom, wealthy.
Tim Sackton: How's your commitment to? Not a polyon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hi!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's not bad. Actually, it's not bad.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are they? Wait! Are these minions, Tim? Are they.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: There's just a lot of them, a lot, a lot of minions.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right. Well, I'll move forward and.
Tim Sackton: Make horses safe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hang on. Actually.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think I need to just take steady aim from here, because if I move forward I'm gonna lose my advantage. So
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm gonna stay here and shoot.
Tim Sackton: Okay. You're not in a great position, because you can't really get much follow through from there.
Tim Sackton: like you might be able to kill 2.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. But even if I move forward, I'm still not going to get much follow through.
Tim Sackton: Well, you could run all the way into this room, and you could shoot through an entire line of them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, but I if I run all the way forward into the room, I can't get.
Tim Sackton: All right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So it's I don't do a ton of damage anyways.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I might as well work on my wisdom, save though I'll at least move forward to here and.
Tim Sackton: Okay, make a wisdom save.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 2 to see of them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All right, wisdom, say.
Tim Sackton: Welby also resists just barely the call of Apollyon's warship.
David S. Kong: What do you roll?
Mike Sackton: Money Ready.
David S. Kong: Just barely.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just merely.
Mike Sackton: A rough wisdom, safe.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: That's a pretty. You have a pretty good wisdom. So you got some of you have good wisdom.
Mike Sackton: I guess Delus suffers by having a wisdom of 10.
Mike Sackton: I don't think I'm going to make the safe.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, everybody else is well. Seeker seeker has to roll a natural 20 or to make the save.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. And the same is true of the latter, and the construct actually.
Tim Sackton: The imagery of the ladder and the construct.
David S. Kong: So they should not come inside here at all.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, we're gonna hang back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So that's just 8.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Well, I mean, that kills one because you hit it.
Tim Sackton: But you don't. You don't have a good angle from there for any kind of follow through dealt with his neck.
Mike Sackton: So let's see.
Kate Sackton: Neither.
Mike Sackton: I can't really, I guess from the stare. I actually can only see one of them. That's basically accurate.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: How many can you see, Riswyn?
Kate Sackton: I can see the one plus the one next to it.
Mike Sackton: How many can you see?
Kate Sackton: I can see.
Mike Sackton: 3. Is that what you said?
Kate Sackton: Or.
Mike Sackton: For I don't feel good about this, but.
Kate Sackton: Over here, and we need to go over here.
Mike Sackton: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, sex, because then I can get
Mike Sackton: 4 of them. I can hit all 4 of those
Mike Sackton: here with spells, with eldritch blast.
Tim Sackton: You're walking, you're.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm gonna fail. My wisdom, save though.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Daweth, falls down and begins praying.
Tim Sackton: 2.
Tim Sackton: Apollyon, you can every every round you can use your action to try and break free.
Eric Rosenbaum: But actually, this round I have a I have a question, Tim. Is this a
Eric Rosenbaum: effect that would be subject to my counter charm, feature.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not a charm effect, I mean, is.
Mike Sackton: No, not a trauma. Fact.
Eric Rosenbaum: Charmed or frightened. No, Ok.
Tim Sackton: Now.
Mike Sackton: Because I have advantage against charm.
David S. Kong: This spell.
Tim Sackton: It's a magical trap of a poly.
David S. Kong: Cleansing touch Work.
Tim Sackton: Cleansing touch would work, but like it eventually.
Tim Sackton: it'll be easy to break free like it's not worth. It's better to just kill all the undead, and then, if it takes you, if you roll 10 times in a minute, you'll eventually break free right.
David S. Kong: I guess, as long as dealt with is not actively attacking us. And it's just like, you know.
Tim Sackton: No, he's just standing there praying
Tim Sackton: the minions incorporeal.
Mike Sackton: Do i 1 question? Do I drop when I move, or.
Tim Sackton: You drop as soon as you step into the room.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So I'm not actually.
Tim Sackton: So there
Tim Sackton: the 1st wave of minions flies forward and surrounds.
Kate Sackton: Us.
Tim Sackton: Riswin and Welby, and we'll make an attack.
Tim Sackton: A group attack against Riswin.
Tim Sackton: That is
Tim Sackton: at.
Tim Sackton: There are
Tim Sackton: 5 of them.
Tim Sackton: So yeah.
Tim Sackton: that's a 24 Jersey.
Kate Sackton: See it with free.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So Rizwin takes 20 points of necrotic damage, and you are silent.
Tim Sackton: You cannot speak or cast spells, or use any abilities that have verbal ability, verbal components
Tim Sackton: until the end of your next term seeker. You're up.
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry I'll be. They also attack Robby.
Tim Sackton: That's 22 to hit. Welby.
Tim Sackton: You also take you sorry. You only take 12 points of chronic damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No! Can he dodge their attack?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can. Uncanny dodge.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All right. So that's 6.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: What is seeker doing?
Eric Rosenbaum: I am going to cast a 1st Level catapult.
Eric Rosenbaum: If I stay where I am, am I? Do I not have to roll the save.
Tim Sackton: If you stay on the stairs here.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. I stay on the stairs.
Eric Rosenbaum: I rolled poorly for damage. Looks like on the catapults.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just.
Tim Sackton: Failed, our deck saved. So it doesn't matter. You clear. One automatically failed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, and let me see if the spell slot got. No, it didn't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man, let me check it out, and then I will command the ladder to get around
Eric Rosenbaum: in front of me, so I guess that means I will move.
Tim Sackton: That's okay. I can move through. Make a wisdom save for the ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, but it's staying on the stairs also.
Tim Sackton: Oh, okay, it's just protecting you got it. What about the construct.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's staying where it is, because it's also on the stairs. But in front of me I think.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Actually, I guess that was should be one square ahead, because the stairs I'm just going to say stairs stepped out.
Tim Sackton: Okay, Kenza, you're up.
David S. Kong: Okay. Kenzo steps into the room.
Tim Sackton: Make your wisdom safe.
David S. Kong: Anybody else. Roll 20 like pixley.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pixelly, weird.
Mike Sackton: Now.
David S. Kong: Oh, let me let me let me review.
David S. Kong: Are you like a wisdom save.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: 27.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo resists the call of Apollyon's worship.
David S. Kong: Okay. Alright. Well, that's okay. Cool.
David S. Kong: alright, yeah, I will step over here
David S. Kong: and so the dude that the circle guy.
Tim Sackton: The trailer.
Tim Sackton: 8.
David S. Kong: Oh, that's the trailer night. What's the.
Tim Sackton: On your side. He's next.
David S. Kong: Oh, he's next oh, I guess I can attack and then move right so.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Yeah, so I'll attack the 1st 2 in front of me right now with my staff.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: And these are minions, right?
Tim Sackton: They're minions. They're incredibly easy to hit, but they've got high hit points.
David S. Kong: 30, yes.
Tim Sackton: 30 hits.
Tim Sackton: Their A/C. Is 11. I don't think you can miss, except on a natural one.
David S. Kong: Small damage to the 1st one.
Tim Sackton: That kills this one. No follow through damage.
David S. Kong: Okay, I'll tap the second one.
David S. Kong: Actually, do I want to move forward again?
Tim Sackton: Yeah. If you move there, then you could kill 2. If you roll high enough damage.
David S. Kong: Let's do that.
David S. Kong: Second staff attack
David S. Kong: 23 hits.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: Oh, here we go! 16.
Tim Sackton: Still only kills one.
David S. Kong: That's the most damage I can do. So.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So you're gonna just gonna take out one per 19.
David S. Kong: Next attack unarmed, strike
David S. Kong: 29 hits. I do another 14.
Tim Sackton: You don't have to roll damage as long as you hit you kill one.
David S. Kong: All right. Next 1, 22 kills it, and then last one natural, 20.
Tim Sackton: Might kill, too.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
David S. Kong: Let's see.
David S. Kong: Oh, there we go! 23.
Tim Sackton: 23 damage.
David S. Kong: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that kills too.
David S. Kong: Hell. Yeah. Nice.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo rushes forward in a flurry of blows, just shades vanishing with strike after strike after strike.
Tim Sackton: The daylight night well, run forward now to there
Tim Sackton: and start by attacking this one. He's got disadvantage because of the echoing in his head
Tim Sackton: and still hits, because it's hard to miss these things. That's 1 attack
Tim Sackton: runs forward. There's more around the corner.
Tim Sackton: Natural 1, 4 and a 2. But I think that's still gonna hit.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that still hits, so he kills another one
Tim Sackton: that ends the Chelite knights. Turn the rest of the minions.
Tim Sackton: Now we'll swarm him
Tim Sackton: and think 20 something that's gonna hit the chelike night takes another
Tim Sackton: 24 points of damage. So he's down to 1, 15, minus 24
Tim Sackton: chelike night is down to 91 Gp.
Tim Sackton: That ends the second minions turn. Rizwin is up. You cannot. You're still silenced. You cannot speak, but you can do anything that doesn't require speaking.
Kate Sackton: Oh, thank!
Tim Sackton: It's like there's 6 minions left.
Kate Sackton: I guess that.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I can explain that beforehand. Right?
Kate Sackton: Can't tell if there's a verbal.
Kate Sackton: Thank you.
Kate Sackton: Nice nice shirt, the global center.
Kate Sackton: You guys.
Tim Sackton: I can't tell what you're sorry. What are you trying to? I can't hear you for some reason.
Kate Sackton: My turn on dead challenge. Vanity is to center the undead plans.
Kate Sackton: But I can just have more humor.
Tim Sackton: No, I don't think it required. It doesn't say it requires a verbal component, although I don't know censure.
Tim Sackton: I guess I guess that's probably a verb. You probably have to say a prayer.
Tim Sackton: so you can't do that.
Kate Sackton: I'm a parent. I can give him a pretty good look.
Kate Sackton: All right. I'll just if you say I can't use it. I.
Tim Sackton: Well, I'll be the next. Then go with can attempt to break free again.
Mike Sackton: What's the DC.
Tim Sackton: 20.
Mike Sackton: 20 DC, that's rough.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sorry am I up now or not? Yet.
Tim Sackton: I don't know Kate's, I think, still rolling, but go ahead and do your turn as well.
Tim Sackton: What makes it?
Tim Sackton: Dawa shakes his head and stands up.
Mike Sackton: But I that's my action. Right?
Tim Sackton: That's not. You still can move
Tim Sackton: and bonus action if you want, but I think Rizwood and Welby might kill all of those.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. Well, he's gonna come down here.
Tim Sackton: 30 kills that kills 2 of them.
Tim Sackton: Here, I'll be nice, and you know, Riswin actually rizwin should kill.
Tim Sackton: I don't know what's going on.
Kate Sackton: You're doing the shadow. Cha-cha!
Tim Sackton: Yeah, rizwin rizwin should kill that one and
Tim Sackton: the other one here, so Welby can kill 2 easily.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, or yeah.
Tim Sackton: What risen there? Wabi can kill 2.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hopefully, 21.
Tim Sackton: Wabi's arrow pierces through these 2 minions, and they vanish.
Tim Sackton: The last 2 minions, not one, aren't going to do anything to the Chalite knight.
Tim Sackton: Seeker doesn't have to do anything. Kenzo can run forward and slaughter the last 2 minions without having to spend any key.
Tim Sackton: And now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Fine.
Tim Sackton: You are left in a silent, empty rum, the
Tim Sackton: echoing, I mean at some point
Tim Sackton: seeker the latter and the constructor just gonna have to step into the room, suck it up.
Tim Sackton: pray for 30 seconds until they can shake it off. But there's no reason to play it out with the minions dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: Now from here, Riswyn and Welby, you can see that there's stairs down in this room. They're not. They're not marked on the map.
Tim Sackton: But right here there's you can see the top of the stairs going down.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Anything in these sarcopia like we'll be a take a quick look inside.
Tim Sackton: They're filled with dust that looks like the cremated remains of maybe about 40 people.
Tim Sackton: He just emerged and attacked you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Onwards excellent!
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: You descend another level, checking for traps. There's no traps on this stair-down, and you come down
Tim Sackton: into another. There's no map for this into a another room.
Tim Sackton: a small, maybe 15 by 15 foot square room. The stairs descend further from here. There is also a quarter that leads about 40 feet into
Tim Sackton: another room that the much larger room that you can only dimly see.
Tim Sackton: 2 columns chains hanging off the columns, and a familiar looking stone sarcophagi that dealt with saw
Tim Sackton: in a scry several months.
Mike Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: Oh, it's.
Kate Sackton: He observed Apollyon creating the doppelganger, constructs.
Mike Sackton: Where is that on the map? I mean.
Tim Sackton: It's not on the map. This is the next level down.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: There's a 15 by 15 foot room.
Mike Sackton: Where are the stairs? Down.
Tim Sackton: They're not on the map. They're.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Or reservoirs.
Mike Sackton: Okay. Okay.
Tim Sackton: I made this right before. Zoom, I didn't have time to find another map.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's fine. That's fine.
Tim Sackton: so you can continue descending, or you can go explore the double chamber.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we know he's down below right.
Mike Sackton: Let's just keep yeah. Let's keep going going.
Tim Sackton: You go down.
Eric Rosenbaum: Side quit! Oh.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): One more level.
Tim Sackton: It's now been about 30 min since the 1st battle.
Tim Sackton: which means that the construct still has half an hour left.
Tim Sackton: See, invisibility still has half an hour left, and the latter still has 40 min.
Tim Sackton: Now you emerge at what seems to be the bottom
Tim Sackton: of the
Tim Sackton: What's put everybody here.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Can you see?
Kate Sackton: I see.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Bad.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Then move it.
Tim Sackton: We were missing.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Construct and ladder.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Construct, is there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I cannot see. Should we be seeing anything right now?
Tim Sackton: Oh, wait!
Eric Rosenbaum: At the bottom, left.
Mike Sackton: Well, I'll be behind.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I don't have night vision turned on for Robie.
Tim Sackton: Okay, now, how can you? Obviously, okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So you emerge at what seems to be the lowest, lowest, obvious level of the krebed.
Kate Sackton: Where's K. Late night?
Tim Sackton: Oh, I don't have. I don't have chill at night.
Tim Sackton: There is the room.
Tim Sackton: small room that you emerge into at the bottom of the stairs, and a narrow passageway
Tim Sackton: only about 5 feet wide.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Squeezed through. It's gonna be a tight fit for the ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay and are. There? Are those rune-like markings on the floor.
Tim Sackton: They're just. It's just a patterned obsidian floor. But yes, there are like.
Tim Sackton: they're not any. They're not runes. It's supposed to just be like a pattern.
Tim Sackton: There is green, sickly green light flickering from the pattern of the
Tim Sackton: on the floor, that casts a sort of dim glow over everything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Beautiful!
Eric Rosenbaum: Does that ring any bells.
Mike Sackton: I mean, a sickly green light is
Mike Sackton: dealt with. Sickening radiance is always a sickening green light, but I don't think that's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't like me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Other.
Kate Sackton: Light, source.
Eric Rosenbaum: Arcane reference. There.
Kate Sackton: Let's spell.
Mike Sackton: So we can't see down through this little twisty passageway.
Tim Sackton: It's pretty narrow. It's hard to. I mean you can't. You can see like the end of the corridor.
Mike Sackton: So like, right? Okay, it just it goes down, but it's narrow. And then.
Tim Sackton: It turns and twists.
Mike Sackton: Right, right? Right? Right?
Mike Sackton: I mean, do we just walk into the trap? I don't know what else to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we could send the Chee light night and or the construct not the latter obviously first.st
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Why don't we send the chill at night 1st and see what happens?
Eric Rosenbaum: That's been our strategy thus far.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Served us well.
Tim Sackton: Guy disappears around the corner.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's good.
Mike Sackton: Can. Brisbane? Can you like sense? It.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Can't see through it.
Mike Sackton: Eyes. Can you.
Tim Sackton: Can't see through its eyes, seems to still be walking along a corridor. As far as you can tell.
Kate Sackton: Up with them!
Tim Sackton: I'm just like it, can't it? It doesn't speak, it can't communicate. It's just a it's just a
Tim Sackton: so, you know. What command are you giving it?
Kate Sackton: Well stop for a second. I don't think we should let you know. Have it go so far ahead of us.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: It's very noisy as we've established.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So it comes to the point where you steps around the corner.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Yeah. So let's let's let's catch up to it.
Kate Sackton: I'll go next.
Tim Sackton: I mean still being scried like.
Kate Sackton: He knows where we are.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Those are the census following the night right.
Tim Sackton: The sensor is following the construct.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am construct.
Mike Sackton: But let's go. Let's let's go see.
Kate Sackton: In the construct.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know we could leave the construct behind temporarily.
Mike Sackton: I was wondering that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was.
Mike Sackton: Thinking about that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Back upstairs.
Mike Sackton: But is not, I mean Apollyon. Could a recast scry? Presumably I think he can like infinitely scry. And B.
Mike Sackton: Do we have some clever action to do. You know, like we.
Kate Sackton: And we could add.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. No.
Kate Sackton: We knew that.
Mike Sackton: Right like, I think we just keep going.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, that can be sense. And and look ahead down the corridor. That's
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): helpful, like, if we want to see what's out there.
Mike Sackton: I think nothing. The chilly at night is not turning.
Mike Sackton: Tell it to go 20 feet and then come back. If it hasn't encountered any danger.
Tim Sackton: It comes back.
Mike Sackton: So let's catch up to it.
Mike Sackton: and then let's just keep same pattern right like. Send it as far. Send it as far as it can see as far as it can go while we can still see it.
Mike Sackton: and then have it go around the corner, go 20 feet and come back if it hasn't encountered any danger.
Eric Rosenbaum: Come back for the ladder if you need to fly anywhere, because it can fly.
Mike Sackton: And just keep going and trail behind it right just out of it, just out of vision, too. Right? So I mean in theory.
Mike Sackton: Napoleon can't see us, although he keeps getting glimpses of us as the night comes back. Each time.
Tim Sackton: It's still waiting for you, are you? Is anybody following it?
Kate Sackton: Sorry going.
Kate Sackton: Stay safe for me.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I think hanging back. Only Brisbane and Darworth are following. No, you guys, anyways.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we're we're following.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We're walking into the trap.
Mike Sackton: Well, we haven't walked into the trap yet. If it doesn't come back, it means there's danger.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The whole building is a trap. We're big.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, we're inside the trap this entire time.
Mike Sackton: That's that's true, fair, fair, fair.
Kate Sackton: Talking deeper into the windy single passageway part of the deep down underground trap. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well Seeker is going with the ladder in front of him and the construct behind him.
Tim Sackton: Ladder is moving difficultly in this tight passage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Difficultly, but proudly and boldly.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: So where is Kenzo? Is Kenzo the in the back.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sure. Oh, wait! I gotta come back. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not a simple process to move all 3 of these
Eric Rosenbaum: characters that don't quite fit through the passage through the passage.
Eric Rosenbaum: especially in that order. Okay? Oh, wait. I gotta go back a second. Okay.
Tim Sackton: I can. I can move the construct for you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, wow! Where did you guys? Oops, where did you guys get to? Here?
Tim Sackton: Waiting.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're so sorry.
Kate Sackton: It like a question mark and.
Eric Rosenbaum: Come on, letter. Come on, seeker, come on. Construct. Okay, gotta zoom out.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's funny I can't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, there we go! When I move the ladder. I can't see what it's moving into.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: Alright!
Tim Sackton: Right, because the ladder I didn't. I don't think I added vision to the ladder.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, okay, the night is going ahead.
Tim Sackton: Turns around the corner. What's it supposed to do? Come back if.
Mike Sackton: Walk 20 feet and then come back. If it's safe.
Tim Sackton: What if it's not safe?
Kate Sackton: Damn!
Tim Sackton: Stay.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't come back because our instructions.
Kate Sackton: We're running into danger. We tell everybody.
Mike Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: Let's let's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man!
Mike Sackton: Let's go.
Mike Sackton: You guys ready.
Eric Rosenbaum: So something happened that made the night feel unsafe. You're.
Mike Sackton: I mean, should we?
Mike Sackton: should we do something like Dimension door in in the middle, or something like that? Or do we just run.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm going to run Dimension door if you'd like to pop up someplace different.
Kate Sackton: I'm so close, anyway, that I just went the last distance.
Mike Sackton: A Pollyan can fly right.
Mike Sackton: Wait, Riswin, you ran off before even talking to us.
Kate Sackton: Well, my! My poor Chee Light Knight was in danger. Okay, fine. I didn't.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: See? Shit. Can anybody else see anything.
Tim Sackton: This quarter. Oh, sorry!
Tim Sackton: Sorry I didn't have night vision turned on for you.
Tim Sackton: Now, can you see.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I can see it now. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: The construct can also not fly right.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's correct.
Mike Sackton: Before we run into the thing. Let's just I'm going to cast fly.
Mike Sackton: and then let's go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who's so? Who's getting fly?
Mike Sackton: Construct Riswyn and deeth.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I can ride the ladder, basically.
Mike Sackton: You could ride the ladder, or you don't need to fly, because you're shooting spells, are you? Do you have any interest in being within 30 feet of a Ballyon's position.
Mike Sackton: Absolutely not.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. See, the fly is maybe superfluous on the hide behind a pillar and cast spells. Guy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, so I don't need to ride the ladder. Okay.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, don't ride the ladder. The ladder is going to be within 30 feet of Apollyon.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Kate Sackton: Hey!
Tim Sackton: Wear shorts.
Tim Sackton: I'm here. I'm here. Okay, so
Tim Sackton: go ahead and move your tokens. If you're moving your tokens.
Mike Sackton: Yep, and, Tim, I'm also gonna use the
Mike Sackton: as we're moving into it. I'm gonna into the space. I'm gonna use the my
Mike Sackton: rod to recover that spell. Slot.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm actually at my boots to speed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And flight also.
Mike Sackton: The construct can fly. Riswin can fly. Kenzel, you're gonna have to use Raven's whistle if you want to fly.
David S. Kong: Yeah, that's fine.
Tim Sackton: You.
Tim Sackton: I'm not touching.
Tim Sackton: All right.
Tim Sackton: Stepping into a large chamber.
Tim Sackton: The ceiling is only about 15 feet high. Vaulted ceilings.
Tim Sackton: There are 4 can, is it? Can you all see in here? Yeah, there should be a light.
Tim Sackton: There are green light emanating from the walls.
Tim Sackton: And around these 4 pillars there are 4 pillars that are covered in sort of greenish runes, wrapping up around the pillars with a runic design in the middle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Apollyon is sitting on a throne, seemingly waiting for you.
Tim Sackton: At the far end of the room there is a table made of bones.
Tim Sackton: the only thing resting on this table, a glowing greenish crystal ore.
Tim Sackton: As you begin to enter this room, a polyon stands.
Tim Sackton: I've been waiting nice of you to join me in my private sanctum.
Tim Sackton: Are you ready to surrender yourselves for the glory of Apollyon?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think that's a no.
Tim Sackton: In that.
Mike Sackton: Oh, how far away is he?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, I mean I don't speak for everybody.
Kate Sackton: Oh, sure you did!
Mike Sackton: Hello! Let me just sorry. I'm just gotta look at what spells I have.
Mike Sackton: Have any good.
Mike Sackton: I don't have a good single target attack.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I'm flying. I can't also do one of my damaging spells.
Mike Sackton: that's okay.
Mike Sackton: I am going to.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I'm just gonna I'm just gonna attack him.
Tim Sackton: Okay, we're all initiative.
Kate Sackton: See you.
David S. Kong: 29.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 6. Moving, slow.
David S. Kong: 6. Don't you have advantage towards.
Tim Sackton: No 20 cents.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Mike Sackton: I got a 6.
David S. Kong: Oh, God. Okay. Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 26.
Tim Sackton: 29. Okay, anybody. Swapping
Tim Sackton: sounds good.
Tim Sackton: Seeker rolled a 20.
Mike Sackton: There's probably no reason for Kenzo, and I mean there's no advantage anybody else going sooner right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Think so right.
David S. Kong: Alright. I'm just gonna go start attacking them. Then.
Tim Sackton: Okay, let me just write everybody down. Sorry gotta roll for poly.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And I got a role for the J light night. That's it.
Tim Sackton: 15.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So Kenzo. Then Welby, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Would it be weird to do? Identify during a battle? Because.
Tim Sackton: It takes a minute to cast.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Okay. Sorry. 6 and 3 was Rizwyn.
Tim Sackton: 6 was dealt with.
Tim Sackton: Okay, Kenzo is first.st
David S. Kong: 1st I will uncanny metabolism and get all of my e back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's
David S. Kong: And then
David S. Kong: I guess I we already sold side of them, so I just don't really need to do that again.
David S. Kong: And well, I guess.
David S. Kong: So I'm just gonna go and mimic my parents.
David S. Kong: I'm just gonna see. So is there any advantage to being able to like pull him, or or anything like that.
Mike Sackton: I don't. I mean getting him closer to us. Can't
Mike Sackton: I don't think would hurt, but I don't think there's a big advantage.
Mike Sackton: I try and just maximize damage. Maybe I mean he was hard to hit.
David S. Kong: Was hard to hit.
David S. Kong: Okay,
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anything that gives disadvantage.
Mike Sackton: Give advantage.
David S. Kong: Yeah, not really. I I
David S. Kong: I have 15 foot range. If I want.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah, you know what I'll do. I'll use Langal's claw, too.
Tim Sackton: I mean. Now is the time to use every single one of your consumables.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'll use that cause that gives me an extra one d 6 of force damage
David S. Kong: per hit. Right. That's an additional D 6. Right, Tim. Yep.
David S. Kong: Okay. All right. Cool. Yeah. I will activate Langau's claw.
David S. Kong: and I will get into melee and attack him. Where is he?
David S. Kong: There he is alright. Boom!
David S. Kong: Kenza rushes the throne and begins to attack.
Kate Sackton: Can we rec before we start this whole initiative thing just rolled? We haven't actually started. Could we just pretend that? Well, tell us and I were
Kate Sackton: moving arduously through a bunch of corridors. Kind of boring. I supported him.
Kate Sackton: Preparation? Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Where to deal with.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can say that.
Mike Sackton: Can I also drink my push of invulnerability on my way in.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: Can I also do that really cool, useful thing that's gonna make the battle battle better for me.
Tim Sackton: Do you have? I mean Lenga's claw. What else do you have.
David S. Kong: I don't know. I think that's about it.
David S. Kong: Let me see. Hold on! If there's if there's anything on my staff that I can eat.
David S. Kong: I don't hold on. Hold on! Hold on, really quick. Sorry.
David S. Kong: yeah. I don't think I have any special key I can use right now, either. All right, I'm just gonna start attacking him
David S. Kong: 1st staff attack
David S. Kong: 20.
Tim Sackton: When he misses.
David S. Kong: Fuck.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it's hard to hit.
David S. Kong: Oh, shit.
Tim Sackton: Laughs.
David S. Kong: Alright. I missed twice.
Tim Sackton: Back in staff tack. Misses Apollyon just stands holding his hand as you're
Tim Sackton: as your staff is deflected off of these.
Tim Sackton: This sort of shimmering force armor around him.
Tim Sackton: smiles. It's still not too late to bow.
David S. Kong: All right. I'll start unarmed, attacking him
David S. Kong: 1st on our stripe. Natural 20, thank you.
David S. Kong: That does really 18 plus.
Tim Sackton: You roll a defects twice too.
David S. Kong: Oh, nice!
David S. Kong: Oh, whoops!
David S. Kong: Plus another 8.
Tim Sackton: He loves.
David S. Kong: 26 damage.
Tim Sackton: He looks a little annoyed that you managed to hit him, but not at all concerned.
David S. Kong: Second attack misses final attack 22.
Tim Sackton: That it's.
David S. Kong: Finally, all right, and that one does 9 plus sex 15 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay, as Kenzo ends his turn or 15, you said.
David S. Kong: Yeah. A. Polyon.
Tim Sackton: Vanishes on many years.
David S. Kong: Of course he does.
Tim Sackton: Here, actually no reappears here.
Mike Sackton: That way.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Active, that glowing green circle? Is it like magical.
Tim Sackton: I mean yes, it's magical.
David S. Kong: So do I get an opportunity attack on the money, disappear.
Tim Sackton: He teleported.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't think I have a way to give myself advantage. Besides, study aim. Is that true?
Tim Sackton: It's it's your character. As far as I know. You don't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I don't. Right right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean next turn. If you hit them you'll have vex.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it matters more to hit him to give everyone else advantage this round. So I'm going to use the arrow of seeking and roll with a plus 20.
Tim Sackton: No, you already use that. It's once a day
Tim Sackton: you use that the 1st time you fought him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Did I shit.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Used to quack.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah, know, that's right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, use the clockwork amlet, which is also once a day.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All right, I roll a 30. I really, I really hope that hits.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay, damage is just 8, and then I will move.
Mike Sackton: Why can't you get sneak attack? Can't you steady?
Mike Sackton: Oh, because you want he has to move.
Tim Sackton: But everybody else now has advantage.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Someone who oh, no! Wait! What's this thing over here on the left, like.
Tim Sackton: This is a table with a glowing orb on top of it.
Kate Sackton: The tables made out of bones.
Tim Sackton: Table's made out of bones.
Kate Sackton: Feel very. I'm building a new phylactery ish to me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Think.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Don't. Wanna are these pillars 4 pillars around him?
Tim Sackton: Yep, those are pillars.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All right. I'm going to come over here, and I want to use my cunning action to hide.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Great. Okay.
Tim Sackton: that ends Wabi's turn.
Tim Sackton: Emerging out of the pillars.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That place.
Tim Sackton: 4 bolts of energy.
Tim Sackton: Strike at Kenzo, Rizwin, Chelite, knight, and deal with everybody. Make a constitution saving, throw
Tim Sackton: daweth you take 19 points of necrotic damage.
Mike Sackton: Okay, but I resist resistance to all damage.
Tim Sackton: You take half half of that, do you? Round, up or down.
Mike Sackton: I don't remember.
Tim Sackton: You take you ran down, you take no damage.
David S. Kong: 25, then.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo, you take no damage.
Tim Sackton: Tree light night rolled high, light night takes no damage.
David S. Kong: Nice.
Tim Sackton: That runs the lair action seeker. You're up.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will cast erupting earth at 6th level.
Tim Sackton: Make a constitution save.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, what's that for.
Mike Sackton: Countess, valve presumably.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait. Is this a concentration check.
Tim Sackton: No, it's not a compensation check.
Eric Rosenbaum: I rolled a 17 on the Constitution, save.
Tim Sackton: Your spell fails.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did you not.
Tim Sackton: Just a spell slot, though, by the way.
Tim Sackton: Well, no. So this is slightly different than normal. Chem.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: You may choose to take
Tim Sackton: necrotic damage equal to 5 times the spell level.
Eric Rosenbaum: Either.
Tim Sackton: And the spell still goes off.
Tim Sackton: You do lose the slot if you don't choose to take the damage.
Mike Sackton: Guy.
Tim Sackton: That would be 30 points of necrotic death.
Eric Rosenbaum: And he would take 30 points of bludgeoning damage if he fails his, because they're still he's he's still got the thing.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it's a deck, save which.
Tim Sackton: So he, Apollyon, reaches out as he casts a spell and twists at the magic. You need to decide whether to absorb the backlash or let the spell dissipate.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will take the damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay, because it's it's going to be one to. It's an eye for an eye here. Yeah, it happened to happen to match. Exactly.
Tim Sackton: I will take.
Eric Rosenbaum: Dirty damage!
Tim Sackton: 18. Dex save his dex, is not great.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, he fails. The safe.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's a.
David S. Kong: Find them again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Area of effect.
Tim Sackton: And that makes this difficult terrain.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's right.
Mike Sackton: Da-ha!
Mike Sackton: Do I want to use one of my things to keep fly.
Tim Sackton: The ceiling's only 15 feet high. A polyon cannot fly out of your reach.
Mike Sackton: Never mind, I'll let it go away.
Mike Sackton: I just felt my consafe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I haven't rolled above a 4 in this combat. I'm I'm like Donut's really shaken by being killed by him last time.
Tim Sackton: Hasn't had a term yet.
Mike Sackton: I know.
Tim Sackton: That ends seeker's turn, construct and ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. The construct has a move of
Eric Rosenbaum: 30 feet. Can he get to him?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, so the constant will just go in.
Tim Sackton: Except that this is all now difficult. Terrain.
Mike Sackton: Which is difficult. Train.
Tim Sackton: It's a 4 by 4.
Eric Rosenbaum: Draw it.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a 20 by it's a 20 foot shoot.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Put cube.
Mike Sackton: Wow, yeah, that was can still get there at least.
Eric Rosenbaum: So can the construct get there.
Tim Sackton: It takes 10 feet. He has to have 10 feet of movement left in order to enter the difficult terrain.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, where was he before?
Eric Rosenbaum: It was here.
Mike Sackton: Year.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
Mike Sackton: No, but he has. He has 30 foot movement, 1, 2, 3, 4. Yeah, he can't get there.
Eric Rosenbaum: So can I put him right here or no, just here? Or is he here?
Mike Sackton: No, you can't get there.
Tim Sackton: No, he can't enter the square unless he has 10 feet of movement. He can stand right where he is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man, bummer
Tim Sackton: The ladder is flying, so the ladder ignores difficult terrain.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait. If so, the construct.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm, yeah, I guess I'll just do that. I was gonna try to smash this orb.
Eric Rosenbaum: but I think the latter is better suited to do that, anyway.
Eric Rosenbaum: so the latter will move over to the table here and try to smash this orb.
Tim Sackton: The orb is a powerful magic item. It is not possible to destroy by just smashing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, the latter's going to pick it up.
Eric Rosenbaum: bunk it against the table, and then hold it so.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now the latter can run off with it.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's 25. It actually has a 40 foot fly because I gave it the elemental air energy so it can.
Eric Rosenbaum: It can fly back another 15 so it could go back here, I guess, carrying the orb
Eric Rosenbaum: our guy is, and they're done.
Tim Sackton: But the orb is part. The orb is part of the map, so I can't move it around.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's okay.
Tim Sackton: That ends Seeker's turn at the end of
Tim Sackton: Seeker's turn. It is now Apollyon's turn.
Tim Sackton: He is going to fly just right above the ground so he can ignore difficult terrain.
Tim Sackton: and fly to Delworth and say.
Tim Sackton: I thought I told you to die.
Tim Sackton: and he's 1st going to make 3 attacks.
David S. Kong: I don't know.
Tim Sackton: That's a 27.
Mike Sackton: That hits.
Tim Sackton: That's a 22.
Mike Sackton: Cast, shield.
Tim Sackton: That's a 23.
Mike Sackton: Misses one hits 2, Miss.
Tim Sackton: You take 28 points of psychic damage
Tim Sackton: and reduced to half to 14. Yep. And until you pass a DC. 20 con. Save your attacks, deal half damage. You can make the save after every attack.
Tim Sackton: whether it hits or not.
Mike Sackton: Okay, but I can't make it before an attack.
Tim Sackton: You can't make it before an attack. The 1st attack has to suffer.
Tim Sackton: and then, now that you've lost hit points, he will use his villain action to yell at you.
Tim Sackton: Die, Alf!
Mike Sackton: I do not die because I'm deathwarded.
Tim Sackton: And the Barzal flash in front of Delweth.
David S. Kong: Wow! Nice.
Tim Sackton: And there is a flash of holy, radiant light.
Tim Sackton: The death word goes away, and for the 1st time a Polyon looks shaken that ends his turn.
Kate Sackton: Brought some real gods.
David S. Kong: Thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: And you can only do that once a month. So.
David S. Kong: Feel like that. Him just like telling somebody to die feels like he can't do that like every turn to every other.
Mike Sackton: It's a combat team. Just.
Tim Sackton: Went to combat.
David S. Kong: Okay, thank goodness, okay, cool bills of souls. I mean, he's level 26. That's pretty powerful. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Chelite night. What do you want the taillight knight to do.
Mike Sackton: Punch him a lot. I think.
Kate Sackton: Closing button.
Tim Sackton: Trailite knight will step forward and make his 3 attacks against Apollyon.
Tim Sackton: 2 natural twenties.
David S. Kong: What?
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow!
David S. Kong: Go chat, you know. Maybe Cheli's not so bad.
Mike Sackton: Kind of a 7. Second thought.
David S. Kong: The.
Tim Sackton: Well.
Tim Sackton: That's 8, 4. That's 8 d. 6, because opine's immune to necrotic. So he doesn't do the necrotic. That's 8 d. 6 plus 12 damage. Kate, do you want to roll.
Kate Sackton: Sure
Kate Sackton: he's there.
Kate Sackton: Ugh!
Kate Sackton: Everyone as well. Did you say.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I got it.
Tim Sackton: That ends the chelate knights turn the second round of lair actions.
Tim Sackton: 4 spirits depart from the
Tim Sackton: from these 4 pillars and come to surround, forming a protective shell around Napoleon Darwest.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to. Is he making attack rolls against me? By the way, yes, I'm making attack rolls. Okay.
Tim Sackton: They're making attacks.
Mike Sackton: I am going to mark.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna use my bonus action to mark him with my yeah, Zali, I'll
Mike Sackton: call down Yazali to to bite him
Mike Sackton: and then I will attack him.
Mike Sackton: Hold on, let me just find where to check that off.
Tim Sackton: Make a wisdom saving throw.
Mike Sackton: 25.
Tim Sackton: Okay. One of the spirits protecting him disappears.
David S. Kong: Are the spirits on the map. There.
Mike Sackton: Do wait! Do I have an advantage on the attack?
Tim Sackton: You do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
Mike Sackton: 26 is going to hit. But it's yeah. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not seeing those new spirits.
Tim Sackton: It isn't.
Tim Sackton: They're just. They're just.
Mike Sackton: Splitting about him. There was 4 of them. Okay, so 26, okay, so I can make a con. Now, I make a con, save. It's DC. 20. You said.
Tim Sackton: Yup!
Mike Sackton: Yikes.
Mike Sackton: I do have bardic inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, he did.
Mike Sackton: Going to use bardic inspiration on that. I only have a plus 2 on my con, save. Okay. So I hit him
Mike Sackton: for.
Tim Sackton: Attack is crippled by the pain he's inflicting. He does. He's afflict, he's inflicted on you, and you do half damage
Tim Sackton: great. And then he
Tim Sackton: says, I told you do not hurt. You cannot hurt me, and you take 10 points of necrotic damage.
Tim Sackton: And your next attack is made with disadvantage.
Mike Sackton: So does that cancel the advantage.
Tim Sackton: That cancels the advantage.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so that's a 18. So he takes 9 damage.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: Hold on, let me just
Mike Sackton: sorry my character sheet is too long.
Mike Sackton: okay, so I will now attack again. Do I have to make another wisdom save.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Tim Sackton: Each spirit only protects against one person.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but no advantage. So that misses.
Tim Sackton: Now you're back to advantage.
Mike Sackton: 18 is not enough to break the.
Tim Sackton: Still doing hot damage.
Tim Sackton: But that's pretty close. If you want a Bardic.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yes, I'm gonna bar deck on that. Yes, I do want to bark nice.
Mike Sackton: I am.
Mike Sackton: Actually I Bardeck's 1 d 12 right.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So I have to not roll one. Yeah, okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so you break the pain.
Mike Sackton: So wait 23 will hit. But I'm just gonna roll to see if I crit. No. Okay.
Mike Sackton: So roll 2D. 8 plus.
Mike Sackton: So he takes 19 damage that time.
Mike Sackton: My turn's over.
Tim Sackton: Don't you get 3? 0, you missed once I missed once.
Tim Sackton: Gotcha. 3 attacks. Okay, that ends Dawa's turn. Rizwyn is up.
Kate Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry! At the end of Dallas. Turn
Tim Sackton: He is going to teleport back there.
David S. Kong: Does he have spirits around him, threatening him?
Tim Sackton: There was 3 spirits around him. Yes.
David S. Kong: He's not inside the difficult train.
Tim Sackton: Actually, no, he's sorry he's not, I forgot.
Tim Sackton: needs to save his last redemption.
Tim Sackton: Hey? What's Riswin doing?
Tim Sackton: Kenzo is next? And then Welby.
Kate Sackton: I've been.
Kate Sackton: It's.
David S. Kong: Licks. HD, la! Is there like some, like all licks, die spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: That would be good.
Kate Sackton: Chriswyn casts a spell to conjure a spirit from the upper plains, but radius.
Tim Sackton: Make a constitution saving, throw.
Kate Sackton: Sure.
David S. Kong: Why? Why?
Mike Sackton: Counter spells. It's the counterspell, or take damage.
David S. Kong: Oh, shit.
Tim Sackton: No riswin beats the effect.
David S. Kong: Nice.
Kate Sackton: Ads are with me. Yes, so I, Castlesterol.
Kate Sackton: which is 60.
Kate Sackton: I don't know why all that stuff just rolled, but maybe it popped up on the thing.
Kate Sackton: Oh, did it show? Oh, yeah, there it is, so he's.
Tim Sackton: 40, foot cylinder.
Kate Sackton: It's a 10 foot radius 40 foot high. Cylinder.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: so let me get it. But it stays on the battlefield. So I need to get a cylinder for you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or what's this phone?
Tim Sackton: It's very strong.
Kate Sackton: It is a searing light of radiant damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
David S. Kong: Nice.
Tim Sackton: But also you can make it heal. So you're going to put it here.
Mike Sackton: Wait it can heal and damage some people and heal some people, damage some people.
Kate Sackton: So I get to move it around and do something with it all the time.
Mike Sackton: Can you put it on top of Vienheim?
Tim Sackton: Can it do both at the same time.
Kate Sackton: Oh, no!
Kate Sackton: Oh, no, yes, for each feature you can see in the cylinder. Choose a light.
Kate Sackton: I guess so.
Kate Sackton: But he's you're not.
Tim Sackton: Oh!
Kate Sackton: He moved.
Tim Sackton: It's right there.
Mike Sackton: Death.
Kate Sackton: Wait!
Mike Sackton: Isn't he in the other place.
Tim Sackton: No, he didn't. He didn't teleport because he had to save his reaction for the counterspell. Oh, but yes, you can heal so deal with heals.
Tim Sackton: 36, 36 points, and
Tim Sackton: a polyon takes 43 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: Oh, there's a deck, save yeah. Oh, no. He rolled very high.
Kate Sackton: Oh no!
Tim Sackton: He rolled a 17. So even his plus 2 so it's still half damage.
Mike Sackton: I'm back to full health, though. That's nice. Thank you. I'm really digging the bars out right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
Tim Sackton: So he takes 21 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that ends riswin's turn unless you want to move.
Kate Sackton: No, he's gonna attack me at some point where he's so mobile.
Kate Sackton: Just stand here.
Tim Sackton: So Kenza's up.
David S. Kong: All right, and so is going to move over here
David S. Kong: and start dealing some attacks.
Tim Sackton: Okay, make a wisdom save.
David S. Kong: Why?
Mike Sackton: Because otherwise.
Tim Sackton: Spirits are still protecting him.
Mike Sackton: He's protected by these 3 spirits.
David S. Kong: I am.
Kate Sackton: 11 thing.
Tim Sackton: A spirit dissipates and flies through Kenzo, gazing you and ending your turn.
David S. Kong: No, no, no, I'm gonna roll some. I'm gonna do a heroic inspiration.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Do you do? I know? Do I know what the save is? If I have to beat anybody.
Tim Sackton: You don't.
Mike Sackton: I rolled a 25.
Eric Rosenbaum: Any beat.
Mike Sackton: Probably a 19.
David S. Kong: So probably probably worth a heroic as opposed to a Bardic.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, you have like a plus 10 wisdom. Right? What's your wisdom?
David S. Kong: That's fine with him. Okay.
Mike Sackton: So I'd reroll.
David S. Kong: Alright. I will reroll rerolling wisdom save.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah, 28.
Tim Sackton: Okay, the spirit dissipates and does not affect you as you punch through it with your 1st attack.
David S. Kong: All right. 1st attack nice 29.
Tim Sackton: That hits.
David S. Kong: And I do. 7 plus 4. I do 11 damage to my 1st attack.
David S. Kong: I can't use any of my cool things, though. Huh! None of my cool things are going to be useful, Con Charisma and wisdom. He's strong at all. 3 of those right.
Tim Sackton: He's immune to stunned, frightened, charmed.
David S. Kong: Okay, all of my okay. Alright, I'll just go.
Tim Sackton: Our lives poisoned, exhausted.
Mike Sackton: He can be blinded, though.
Tim Sackton: Blinded is the only condition he's not immune to.
David S. Kong: Okay, 21.
Tim Sackton: 21 hits.
David S. Kong: Alright nice.
David S. Kong: Okay? And that does 12 plus 5, 17.
David S. Kong: Okay. First, st unarmed. Strike.
David S. Kong: Nope, 14 misses.
David S. Kong: Second, unarmed. Strike 28 hits that does 11 plus
David S. Kong: 5, another 16 damage, and then final, unarmed. Strike natural 20.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
David S. Kong: That does 16 plus oh, man, 4, 20, another 20 damage.
Tim Sackton: Pollyan looks slightly shaken, like maybe he's underestimated. You, as Kenzel's turn ends
Tim Sackton: at the end of Kenza's turn.
Tim Sackton: The round 2 villain action.
Tim Sackton: A wave of magic radiates forth from a polyon.
Tim Sackton: Everybody make a wisdom save and fail.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, boy!
Kate Sackton: Oh!
Eric Rosenbaum: 9 9 is good.
Mike Sackton: Night is good.
Mike Sackton: 9 9 is good for a polyon.
Tim Sackton: Bigger and.
David S. Kong: 20.
Tim Sackton: 20. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Is this something we can reroll with heroic inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah? Good? Question.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Have heroic against.
Mike Sackton: Still have it. You would, we didn't, if you only you'd only still have it if you didn't use it in the 1st combat.
Kate Sackton: It didn't.
Eric Rosenbaum: I did not use it before
Eric Rosenbaum: should, statistically, Mike or anyone. Does that make sense for me to do.
Mike Sackton: You have to roll up. No, I would save it. You're gonna fail, no matter what. You're screwed.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what I'm saying. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: I have a very good wisdom, and I ruled a 4.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, you should reroll.
Tim Sackton: Seeker and rizwin, you feel Apollyon's wave of canceling magic wash over you until the end of
Tim Sackton: your next turn, which would be the basically until the end of this round. You cannot
Tim Sackton: cast or take the magic action to activate any spell of 4th Level or higher. You can only use 3rd level
Tim Sackton: or lower magic.
Tim Sackton: You also cannot activate magic items. You. You still benefit from the effects of magic items, but you can't
Tim Sackton: take the magic action. Basically.
Kate Sackton: Is my 7 level spell still up.
Tim Sackton: It's still up, but it will have no effect this round.
Tim Sackton: It's not just, it's just temporary.
David S. Kong: Kate, did you reroll.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, she didn't. She failed.
Kate Sackton: Instead of a 4. Still nice. We're not kind.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I still have a plan.
Mike Sackton: But you're I'll be.
Tim Sackton: I'll be zap.
Mike Sackton: 19 fails.
Mike Sackton: Ow, yikes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Much.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): As Welby pulls back his bowstring, a magical arrow of crackling lightning energy appears in it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and he shoots it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): creating a lightning bolt between him and Pollyan, where hopefully it gets some real bad right now let's find out.
Tim Sackton: Not missing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can I use my bardic inspiration on this one.
Tim Sackton: Yes, you can.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's nice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: 28 hits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay, so I'm blinding.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's do that part of it first, st the room.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So the last 3 die are 10.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So 13 and 8 is 21 damage plus DC. 18 dexate.
Tim Sackton: Roll the natural 20 on the deck, save.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That means he's not blinded.
Tim Sackton: It was offline. Then.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Then another 13 points of lightning damage.
Tim Sackton: He's looking pretty wounded at this point.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Then we'll be oh, wait! Sorry
Tim Sackton: Schwartz. I totally forgot before that even happens. Make a wisdom saving throw.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wisdom saving throw. Come on wisdom saving, throw.
Mike Sackton: None of that happens.
Tim Sackton: None of that happened.
Eric Rosenbaum: The Spirit.
Tim Sackton: Distract you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, the sport!
Eric Rosenbaum: One spirit left.
Tim Sackton: You are.
Mike Sackton: Do you have?
Mike Sackton: Do you have heroic.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well hold up, though, so I so that means I've got my Bardic.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Lightning arrows. Gun.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is this true?
Tim Sackton: No, no, you just can't make the attack. The spirit flies out, flies through you, and prevents you from making an attack against him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, fair enough. Well, I'll move and hide. Then we'll do this next round.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll hold on to the Bardic.
Tim Sackton: So I just got to add back the damage, plus 13 and.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think, with a 12, and the wisdom save I can't beat it with another d. 12. Probably
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's a 20, I think. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: It's a bad.
Mike Sackton: I mean, do you?
Mike Sackton: Do you still have heroic.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, I do!
Mike Sackton: You could reroll you only roll the 4. That's a crappy roll.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I have a plus 8, save. Okay. Okay. Here we go again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Take that from the top with some.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So it all does happen. It all does happen.
Tim Sackton: But so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing. And do redo.
Tim Sackton: I do. Redo.
Mike Sackton: Now all your inspirations are gone. But that's okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay, that's worth it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Worth it.
Tim Sackton: There is still one spirit left.
Tim Sackton: And the their action now.
Tim Sackton: Let's see who's closest, Kenzo. Make a charisma saving throw.
David S. Kong: Oh No. 14.
Tim Sackton: This pillar right here.
Tim Sackton: Starts humming.
David S. Kong: Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait! I still have my Bardic. Should I use it?
David S. Kong: Probably. Huh!
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it gives you a. You have a 50 50 shot of that saving you. It's probably worth it for a 50 50 shot.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'll do it.
David S. Kong: 8 nice.
Tim Sackton: Reaches out humming at you, and you shake your head and resist the effect.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
Tim Sackton: See. I mean, we've all used our Bardecks now. I think right.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Excellent.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, but seekers still got one to give out.
Mike Sackton: Urgency.
Tim Sackton: I don't think I did.
Mike Sackton: Oh, no, Kate hasn't. Kate used her heroic.
David S. Kong: This is good, though we're good.
Mike Sackton: Reroll.
David S. Kong: Yeah, we're not. We're not like nobody's like charmed and like attacking us.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo shakes off the humming noise from the pillar that was about to
Tim Sackton: force him to make attacks against somebody else.
David S. Kong: Thank God! Thank God! Strong use of birthday seeker! You're on.
Tim Sackton: Remember, you cannot cast a spell of level 3 or higher, and you can also not command your construct to do anything, but the latter still are order.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can't command the construct.
Mike Sackton: Because it's an 8 level spell.
Mike Sackton: It's yeah. It's paused.
Tim Sackton: It's possible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Doesn't go away. It's just paused.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're going to do the the Telgar's 1st ever maneuver of this kind.
Eric Rosenbaum: In which the heroic latter flies over to seeker, handing off
Eric Rosenbaum: the glowing green phylactery sphere to seeker who uses a 3rd level catapult spell, to launch it directly into the nose of Apollyon.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: That's a deck, save.
Eric Rosenbaum: Correct.
Tim Sackton: Oh, he fails the deck, save
David S. Kong: Nice.
Tim Sackton: He does not care about it bad enough to use a legendary system
Tim Sackton: that's about to be his turn, anyway. And then things are gonna change.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, because I didn't use all of the ladder's move. Can it also
Eric Rosenbaum: finish up and force slam like or.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it can keep.
Tim Sackton: They can attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. So the latter hands off the glowing sphere to seeker who catapults it into the face of Apollyon for 22 damage, and then the latter continues on
Eric Rosenbaum: to get up in the face of a polyon, and I just roll my spell attack for that right.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's it!
Tim Sackton: That ends Seeker's turn. Apollyon is going to turn into a cloud of mist and fly back there
Tim Sackton: and then.
Tim Sackton: Pause for a moment. And these these glowing runes which I
Tim Sackton: built into the map so I can't make them go away, but they go away.
Tim Sackton: An energy surges back through Apollyon's body, as he is restored to full hit points.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man!
Tim Sackton: And then and refreshes his reactions.
Tim Sackton: Oh,
David S. Kong: I was able to do that.
Mike Sackton: He. He used his layer thingy to give himself a second way out of magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David S. Kong: How many times do you think? How many times can you do that?
Mike Sackton: Probably just one.
Tim Sackton: Disappeared.
Mike Sackton: The ruins disappeared.
David S. Kong: Alright! That's.
Tim Sackton: I just. I just drew them on the map so I can't actually delete them from the map.
David S. Kong: Okay, good. So so we only have to kill him twice. Basically.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Catches the rebound after the alley-oop.
Tim Sackton: The latter catches the not actually phylactery.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whatever the glowing sphere was. Yes.
Tim Sackton: And then he's gonna look around and realizing that things are maybe not as
Tim Sackton: not going for as well for him as he hoped he's gonna shake his head and convince himself he can't just keep it attacking dealt with, and then is going to
Tim Sackton: fire a bolt of fire at seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool.
Tim Sackton: That's a 28, even with plus 5 to your A/C. From the cover from the ladder. I think
Tim Sackton: you still get hit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And seeker takes 10 d. 6. So
Tim Sackton: Seeker takes 39 points of fire damage, concentration save.
Mike Sackton: Alpha.
Eric Rosenbaum: Construct.
Eric Rosenbaum: How do I? That's just a can't say, but.
Mike Sackton: You might have advantage.
Tim Sackton: You have advantage of con saves. But you have to check 9 and 18.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you do.
Eric Rosenbaum: I do amazing.
Tim Sackton: Second blast.
Tim Sackton: That's a 24 to hit seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: That hits.
Mike Sackton: That's 42 points of 5.
Mike Sackton: How you doing, seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: You notice that seeker seems to have gotten tougher since the last time you looked.
Mike Sackton: Good job, seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: He's still. He's no, but he's standing.
Tim Sackton: So that's another pawn upon, save.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, whoops! What happened that time? It didn't ask me just.
Mike Sackton: Scroll it again.
Eric Rosenbaum: I hit the wrong thing.
Tim Sackton: Well, an 18 succeeds. It doesn't matter. It's the same plus.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you.
Tim Sackton: Oh, no! An 18, doesn't you need a 21.
Mike Sackton: Oh, because you rolled a charisma, save not a.
Tim Sackton: Roll us! Roll again! Roll us!
Mike Sackton: Just roll again.
Mike Sackton: That's a tough.
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
Mike Sackton: What is the construct concentration?
Tim Sackton: Construct, is concept.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's sad!
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't, so I lose it. That stinks.
Tim Sackton: The construct vanishes, and then he turns to rizwin.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: For his last attack.
Tim Sackton: That's only it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait! Wait!
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I? Can I?
Eric Rosenbaum: Heroic inspiration that.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: But you, but you have to roll. I mean you can.
Tim Sackton: After all, a 19 to keep at.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's pretty unlikely, right?
Mike Sackton: It is. It's a 10% chance.
Tim Sackton: Percent chance.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, no, it's not worth it.
Tim Sackton: That risen? What's your A/C.
Kate Sackton: 23.
Tim Sackton: So 21 misses that ends Apollyon's turn. Daylight night is up.
Mike Sackton: Charge him.
Tim Sackton: 1, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 3 attacks oof
Tim Sackton: miss all 3, miss paying for the natural twenties last time
Tim Sackton: that ends Chelite knight's turn layer action number 2.
Tim Sackton: Riswin dealt with Kenzo and seeker.
Tim Sackton: I'll make constitution saves.
David S. Kong: What's this for.
Tim Sackton: Their action.
Mike Sackton: Not good.
Kate Sackton: It's cool.
Mike Sackton: Has one spirit thing.
Tim Sackton: He still has one spirit thing.
Tim Sackton: Rizwyn, let's see seeker and dealt with both. Take 8
Tim Sackton: 9 points of necrotic damage.
Tim Sackton: Kenza, where did you roll for the con? Save.
David S. Kong: 21.
Tim Sackton: Okay, just rizmin. And just Dalwith and seeker. Take 9 points of necrotic damage.
Tim Sackton: and that ends the lair's turn dealt with is up.
Mike Sackton: All right. I'm going to charge at him.
Mike Sackton: Call him a coward and an elf lover for not attacking me last turn. And why is he bothering my friends?
Kate Sackton: Like? Doesn't he know he's supposed to be fighting me here like? Come on, Dude, just mockery or something.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: That's some vicious mockery.
Mike Sackton: That'll that'll attack him. I have to make wisdom safe.
Tim Sackton: For the last spirit. Yep.
Mike Sackton: What is it?
Tim Sackton: DC. 20.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I will use my my roll. 2D. 4.
Tim Sackton: Automatic. Yeah, so dealt with, the spirit begins to fly to dealt with. And
Tim Sackton: one of the Taunji spirits, I forget which one is associated with this ability, but one of the taunchy gods blocks up and wrestles the spirit out of Delhi's way, allowing him to attack.
Mike Sackton: I do not have advantage, though right.
Tim Sackton: Do not have advantage anymore.
Mike Sackton: Ow! I crank. I'm smiting him.
Mike Sackton: I quit on 19, cause he's thingy.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Whoa!
Mike Sackton: So that is, let me figure out my d 8.
Mike Sackton: So I need to take off a smite.
Mike Sackton: The taunchy really don't like him, he should have attacked me. I say, as I like, do.
Mike Sackton: What is it? It's I should know how much. D 8 this is.
Mike Sackton: one d 8 plus another one d 8 per level. So that's 68. So that's 12 d 8
Mike Sackton: plus 2D 8. So
David S. Kong: A lot of the Eights.
Mike Sackton: Hold on 12 d. 8 from the smite, plus
Mike Sackton: 2D. 8, so 48, so 12, plus 4 is 16 d. 8.
Eric Rosenbaum: Damn 16.
Mike Sackton: D. 8 plus 1085 damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Solid.
Tim Sackton: Apollyon turns growling in anger at Daweth.
Mike Sackton: That you should kill the elf.
Mike Sackton: Okay, that's only my 1st attack.
David S. Kong: Do another 85 damage.
Mike Sackton: I can't do another 85, because I can only smite once per turn, but 21 that hits right.
Tim Sackton: You know.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so
Mike Sackton: 17.
Mike Sackton: And the 3rd attack 22,
Mike Sackton: 19.
David S. Kong: Damn! Damn!
Tim Sackton: On turns in vicious anger at dealt with rizwin. You're up. What are you doing.
Kate Sackton: Well, considering that I'm not allowed to do anything above a level, something.
Mike Sackton: Wait! Hold on!
Tim Sackton: 3, spell.
Mike Sackton: Oh, oh, wow! Never forget!
Tim Sackton: Go ahead!
Mike Sackton: I was. Gonna I meant to cast my do an extra 2D. 6 damage on every attack.
Mike Sackton: but I forgot to say it, so
Mike Sackton: I feel like it's a little cheesy to go and and add it back to those attacks
Mike Sackton: when you just did 104 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: Slightly.
Kate Sackton: Which is better, 58 plus 7, or 66, plus 10.
Tim Sackton: 60.
Tim Sackton: They're very, very similar, probably 68, 66, plus 10.
Kate Sackton: So I can cast a 3rd level guiding bolt.
Tim Sackton: Yup.
Tim Sackton: but that misses.
Tim Sackton: Oh, no. 21 that hits
Tim Sackton: now everybody's now the next attack has advantage again.
David S. Kong: Kenzo's in awe of the gods.
Tim Sackton: 13 damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Great.
Tim Sackton: at the top of this round after Risman's turn, before Kenzo's turn, Apollyon snarls in anger and shoots his hand up into the air.
Tim Sackton: and everybody has to make a dexterity saving sale.
David S. Kong: Cheese.
Tim Sackton: Everybody with us, which is everybody.
Tim Sackton: Where did cancer roll.
David S. Kong: 23.
Tim Sackton: Okay, Kenzo and Welby dodge out of the black pages of black energy that spring up from the ground.
Tim Sackton: Everybody else takes 27 points of necrotic damage.
Tim Sackton: and is restrained by the cave cage.
David S. Kong: Wait. I can. Can I grab somebody.
Tim Sackton: You can.
David S. Kong: Can I step in the wind and grab somebody with me?
Tim Sackton: I mean, not as a reaction to the
Tim Sackton: to the villain action. But I mean you can drag people, but you can. You can use step of the wind to carry people. Yeah, but you can't.
Tim Sackton: you can't pull them out of the cage they can. You can make a save at the end of your turn, or you can, you know, teleport.
Mike Sackton: The the cage is like it's like round.
Tim Sackton: Tendrils of black smoke wrapping around people's legs.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: neither will be, nor Kenzo, who are very, very difficult to hurt. Take damage. Everybody else takes 27 points of damage. Concentration check for the
Tim Sackton: spirit from Riswyn.
Tim Sackton: You have to beat up 13.
Tim Sackton: You beat a 13 and now it's Kenza's turn.
David S. Kong: Then discipline survivor. Whenever you fail a saving throw, you can expend one focus point to re-roll it. You must use them to roll.
Tim Sackton: That's a good that's good that's useful to know.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Alright.
Mike Sackton: Come, come, kill Apollyon kids! I'll shout out encouragement.
David S. Kong: I start I I yell I yell fuck you and elvish! Which is the one thing I I asked.
Mike Sackton: Telepathically coach everybody how to swear and elvish at a polyon.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah. So I yell, fuck you and elvish, is this difficult terrain I'm running into? What is this thing.
Tim Sackton: You ignore difficult terrain, so it doesn't.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, okay, all right, cool. I don't even have to do that. I'm just gonna I'll just punch him from. I'll punch him from. I can be 15 feet away from him.
David S. Kong: But whatever I'll do, that's the pillar.
Tim Sackton: That's pillar. You can't stand.
David S. Kong: All right, anyways. Anyways, I'll just get in close, because I want to be close to the homie. All right. I will start attacking him
David S. Kong: and do the things.
David S. Kong: So here we go 1st attack 1st staff attack nice 30.
Tim Sackton: Hot hats.
David S. Kong: That hits, and I do 7 plus
David S. Kong: 3. I do 10 damage with the 1st staff attack 7 second step.
Tim Sackton: Okay, after you do that.
Tim Sackton: He looks at you, and he says no, and you take 11 points of necrotic damage, and your next attack has made it disadvantage.
David S. Kong: Bye, Mr. No, Guy.
David S. Kong: all right, so make it dimated. So I roll twice and take the take the lower, lowest one.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: Alright, so 1st attack.
Mike Sackton: 19 misses anyways. Right? Yep, yep, all right.
David S. Kong: Are all of my attacks a disadvantage now.
Tim Sackton: No, just the next one.
David S. Kong: Just that one. Okay. So now I've got my 3 bonus act. My 3 unarmed arm strikes.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: 1st 1, 27 hits.
David S. Kong: I'm doing such crappy damage 6 plus
David S. Kong: oh, my God! 6. But only 7. Damage for the 1st unarmed strike
David S. Kong: second armed strike that hits 27,
David S. Kong: and that does. Wow! Also crappy damage 7 plus 5, 11, or 12 total and then final unarmed strike.
David S. Kong: Damn it! 18 misses right.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Kate Sackton: From the guiding bolt.
Mike Sackton: Oh, we forgot about the cutting ball.
Tim Sackton: Oh, that would have been on your 1st attack only, though.
Kate Sackton: Canceled out the new thing.
Tim Sackton: No, he's still hit hit on his 1st attack.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: You can run.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: If you go to 20.
David S. Kong: Me!
Tim Sackton: Yeah, just roll a d. 20. See if it's a 20, because you were supposed to have advantage on your 1st attack.
David S. Kong: Oh, so I should roll, attack again, or just roll E. 20.
Tim Sackton: Just really need money, because if it.
Mike Sackton: You hit, though it only matters if you crit so just roll and see if you're all 20.
Tim Sackton: No, okay. Welby's Welby's up unless Kenza wants to move. Oh, you already moved to get into range, Welby.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right. Welby has
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): only taken 6 points of damage. I haven't yet dipped past the temp. Hit points, and I feel like y'all are getting beat up, so we'll be going to run over and stand up on the throne and say, Hey, nice chair, and shoot.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: Sure.
Tim Sackton: Okay, with advantage because of vax, because you wait. You hit him last turn right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 20 is not good enough right.
Tim Sackton: When it's not.
Mike Sackton: No, it is not.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, that's it.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Dirt.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I miss, but I'm gonna like, sit down in the chair and just sort of like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): wiggle down like this.
Kate Sackton: Dangle your legs.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah, and just trying them
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): try and draw, draw them up.
Mike Sackton: I'm fine. I I have. I took a potion of invulnerability. I only take half damage on for literally everything.
Mike Sackton: And then the Barrazole healed me. 36. I'm like back at full.
Mike Sackton: You can let him keep killing me.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I'm fine, too.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: We just don't want him to kill seeker.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, can I get to that healing area? Is that.
Mike Sackton: I think there's a.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can get to. If you move into it before rising turn, you can be healed. It's the magic canceling is gone now.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait! No! No! No! Hold up! Hold up!
Tim Sackton: Okay, go ahead.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm using the scare arrows, scare arrows. So I have a plus one. So it's 21.
Tim Sackton: Oh, that hits!
Eric Rosenbaum: There we go!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's 34.
Tim Sackton: Are you do? You're not doing any.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, shit, yeah know!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Excluded.
Mike Sackton: Do blinding. So minus 8.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Minus 8, yep, 26.
Tim Sackton: Swept the DC.
Eric Rosenbaum: In.
Tim Sackton: One of the pillars cracks as he
Tim Sackton: resists the blinding effect, the runes vanish.
David S. Kong: How many, how many pillars are left.
Tim Sackton: 3.
David S. Kong: So he's 3 more legendary resistances based.
Tim Sackton: So how much damage was it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 26.
David S. Kong: So he's got 3 more, but he can't do the feel himself all over again. He can just do 3 more saves
David S. Kong: nominally.
Tim Sackton: The layer action. Now triggers.
Tim Sackton: 3 spirits appear around him, this time 4.
Mike Sackton: Those spirits are annoying.
Tim Sackton: Seeker. You're up.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. Well, 1st order business. I want to get into the healing area.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I just like run through the ladder here, over there.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you need to be in the area on Kate's turn. I believe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh! When is that coming up.
Tim Sackton: That's at the end. Apollyon, the chelate knight, dealt with, then risen.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. Well, I'm getting in there because seems worth it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm down to 30, so
Eric Rosenbaum: another hit could take me down easily.
Eric Rosenbaum: The latter will swoop around and attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait! Let's see, it has 40 flying. Move.
Tim Sackton: Flying and moves, ignores difficult terrain so it can. It can go.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it'll just go up here.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then do its attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: which misses
Eric Rosenbaum: And then, oh, actually, can it be like there.
Tim Sackton: No, because there's a pillow there.
Tim Sackton: The pillar goes all the way to the ceiling.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm just thinking about how to do another erupting earth.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe here.
Tim Sackton: That's also a pillar.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, jeez ladder! You're so big.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's no place it can be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ladder's gonna take some damage. It doesn't mind
Eric Rosenbaum: So I'm going to cast a 5th level.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think erupting. Earth is still my best bet.
Tim Sackton: So like there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, exactly.
Tim Sackton: Alright guys.
Eric Rosenbaum: And that's.
Tim Sackton: That's a lot of damage deck, save.
Eric Rosenbaum: Correct.
Tim Sackton: A second pillar cracks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Mike Sackton: Good job, folks.
Mike Sackton: The the cylinder is whenever you, whenever a creature enters the cylinder.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Tim Sackton: So you can get the healing. Now then, seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: How does that work? And what should I get.
Kate Sackton: You haven't.
Tim Sackton: You roll.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do I roll?
Kate Sackton: No me!
Tim Sackton: Rules.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, thanks!
Tim Sackton: That ends the ladder's turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because the latter is taking erupting earth damage, though presumably or no, it has to roll a dexterity.
Tim Sackton: The deck save, yeah.
Mike Sackton: It's half damage on success or no.
Tim Sackton: Oh, wait, sorry, seeker! You got to roll a con save before you trigger the erupting earth.
Eric Rosenbaum: Crud, consave with advantage or no.
Tim Sackton: Not with advantage.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: 3.
Tim Sackton: Take 25 points, necrotic damage, or the spell doesn't go off.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean how much it would put me at 5. How much healing am I going to get from this thing?
Mike Sackton: 40, 12 plus.
David S. Kong: Thank you.
Tim Sackton: 30, 12, plus 5.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man!
Mike Sackton: Obviously.
David S. Kong: Take the damage. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, risk. It.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright!
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. So I take 25 damage. Is that right?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay?
Eric Rosenbaum: Ouch,
Eric Rosenbaum: And then the ladder needs to roll a deck, save is that correct?
Eric Rosenbaum: It has a plus 2 decks.
Tim Sackton: And Apollyon's.
Tim Sackton: At the end of the ladder's turn Apollyon's teleporting.
Mike Sackton: It's going after Welby.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, so the ladder fails its deck, save.
Tim Sackton: The latter takes the 43 points of damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, I'll track that.
Eric Rosenbaum: The ladder's still doing. Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Pulled up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Did he just teleport to me.
Tim Sackton: He just teleported to you. Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And his turn has just ended.
Tim Sackton: No, this isn't on his turn. This is his reaction at the. It's the same reaction you have, but it's a teleport. The ladder ended its turn. And so Apollyon used a reaction to teleport.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So am I able to use skirmisher.
Tim Sackton: No cause. His his turn hasn't ended yet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay.
Tim Sackton: This was the latter's turn just ended. That's all that happened. Napoleon's turn is about to happen.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Got it.
Tim Sackton: Seeker? Are you all done.
Eric Rosenbaum: I need to get the healing, because I'm at 5.
Tim Sackton: Is 36 points of healing.
Eric Rosenbaum: 36, alright.
Tim Sackton: You're even up above what you took from the spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm at 41.
Tim Sackton: A polyon is going to look around.
Tim Sackton: and the 1st thing he's going to do is reach out at Weldy.
Tim Sackton: That's a 33 to hit.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah, that was a hit. That was a hit.
Tim Sackton: Welbi, you take 32 points of psychic damage
Tim Sackton: and you are racked with pain.
Tim Sackton: Your attacks do half damage until you succeed on a DC. 20 constitution saving throw.
Tim Sackton: you can make the save after every attack. But the 1st attack automatically does have to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Got it.
Tim Sackton: And then he will use his bonus action to
Tim Sackton: turn into mist and fly there.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I'm on it!
Tim Sackton: He is going to
Mike Sackton: Am I next.
Tim Sackton: Chey light knight, and then you.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: And then he is going to turn to seeker.
Mike Sackton: Actually.
Tim Sackton: He's gonna fly there.
Tim Sackton: That's a 26 to hit riswin
Tim Sackton: and a 29 to hit seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: That hits.
Tim Sackton: Rizwin takes 31 points of fire damage, but I think you're resistant to fire. So you take half of that
Tim Sackton: seeker, takes 34 points of fire, damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man, I am way down.
Mike Sackton: What do you have?
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm at 7.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay? So you'll be okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: But.
Mike Sackton: Hold out, seeker, hold out till Deloit's turn. I can heal you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Stay in the cylinder. Okay.
Tim Sackton: And then the Chelite nights he's actually teleflying far enough.
Mike Sackton: Oh, man! And oof oof seeker.
Tim Sackton: He'll be like there.
Tim Sackton: We'll have to make sure he's oh, no.
Tim Sackton: still in range. He'll be there.
Tim Sackton: Let me just make sure his teleport is his.
Mike Sackton: That's I mean, the ranges on here are not super accurate because
Mike Sackton: he can't. He can't get there. The chilly at night can't get there, because it's too much.
Tim Sackton: Oh, right? Because it's different. Has his.
Mike Sackton: One.
Tim Sackton: Bonus action move is 90 feet, anyway. So okay, so he's he's gonna go a little further back
Tim Sackton: because he's got 90 feet of move.
Tim Sackton: So he was there. Okay, that's perfect.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that ends Apollyon's turn. Chelite knight.
Mike Sackton: I think Charlie and I should charge him, but.
Tim Sackton: Dash!
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So with Dash he can close to there.
Tim Sackton: That ends Chelite Knight's turn.
Tim Sackton: There are no longer 2 lair actions as you've cracked 2 of the pillars, so lair action 2 is gone.
Tim Sackton: Star Wars.
Mike Sackton: Seeker. Wait, rizwin, you're next right.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: Can you heal seeker instead of me?
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I will use 2 sorcery points to bonus action dimension door.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is.
Mike Sackton: And appear right behind him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Undish.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's.
Mike Sackton: Unless he tries to counterspell me.
Tim Sackton: Oh, his turn just happened. So he gets all of his reactions back. So yes, he is trying to counterspell you.
Mike Sackton: Well, I'll take the damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So 20 points of necrotic damage.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: That's happened.
Mike Sackton: It's halved, I know. Yeah, 10 points of necrotic damage. I don't even not even running any concentration spells. So
Mike Sackton: just got to tick off my sorcery points.
Mike Sackton: Okay, and then I will attack him.
David S. Kong: Mates might smite, smite.
Mike Sackton: I mean, maybe I should just smite him without a crap.
Tim Sackton: He's got. He's got 3 spirits up again, so make your wisdom.
Mike Sackton: 24.
Tim Sackton: Buddy.
Tim Sackton: Yep, okay. He's got 2 spirits.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I'm smiting. You know what I think. I'm oh, actually, because my smite! I didn't remember this, but it knocks him prone.
Mike Sackton: Is he immune to prone.
Kate Sackton: Mute.
Tim Sackton: I know.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to use my last slot to knock him prone and smite. I'm out of spell slots, but
Mike Sackton: that does. It's not a crit, but still it does 2D. 8 plus 7, 9 d. 8 plus 10.
Tim Sackton: Let's see he'll use one more reaction to foul rebuke you as well. You take another
Tim Sackton: 14 points of necrotic damage, and your next attack is a disadvantage.
Mike Sackton: Okay, but it has advantage, because he's prone.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: But the disadvantage cancel out the advantage.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
David S. Kong: Okay. Now, it's just normal.
Mike Sackton: The second attack just normal. It's
Mike Sackton: so you got the 60 points. I just did with my second spite.
Tim Sackton: He's bloodied.
Mike Sackton: 23 on my next one. That hit.
David S. Kong: This one. Finish. Finish them off, though, with.
Mike Sackton: Goes back to advantage for my 3rd attack.
David S. Kong: Off, dealt with.
Mike Sackton: Didn't crit, but I still had
Mike Sackton: not going to finish him without another.
Tim Sackton: Not without another smite.
Mike Sackton: No, I'm out of spell slots. I can't smite them anymore.
Tim Sackton: He's definitely looking wounded.
Mike Sackton: Another 17.
Tim Sackton: Resume.
David S. Kong: Out of the ladder.
Kate Sackton: All right. So it's the beginning of my turn speakers in my magic's
Kate Sackton: light thing. If I activate that, it'll be like the only thing I do.
Tim Sackton: I I gotta check the rules of this. I think it's
Mike Sackton: No conjure celestial. This is contra celestial right.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: You just move it.
Mike Sackton: If you move, you can move the cylinder.
Mike Sackton: and when the cylinder moves into a space of a creature, then that's all it requires. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So you can move it off and then back onto Seeker to heal him.
Mike Sackton: No, because it's only once per turn.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, yeah. So seeker cannot be cannot be affected by this until until seeker's next term.
Eric Rosenbaum: He was already affected by it. This turn, so he can't be affected by it again. This turn I'm.
Kate Sackton: That is my whole action.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no, it doesn't.
Mike Sackton: Weren't action at all.
Tim Sackton: It's for free. You can move that.
Mike Sackton: You can't.
Tim Sackton: Can't feel secret with that.
Mike Sackton: You can't heal seeker with it.
Kate Sackton: But my action would be to heal. Seeker. Yes.
Kate Sackton: everything that I do with this magical toy of mine could be to move it.
Mike Sackton: Yes, but it only moves 30.
Tim Sackton: So you can't.
Mike Sackton: Actually get it to a polyon.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: but my freeze, my action could be something else, and I could still heal here. No, I still have to. I have to heal.
Mike Sackton: You have to use a spell to heal seeker.
Mike Sackton: You could use healing word. And
Mike Sackton: Polyon didn't bother keeping you out of his melee range. You could just run at him, hit him in bonus action, healing word.
Kate Sackton: It's a bonus action. Then sure
Mike Sackton: You have healing bird.
Kate Sackton: I have all, never levels. That's a lot to do, all right.
Kate Sackton: But yeah, I will.
Kate Sackton: I can do my bonus action first.st Right?
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Kate Sackton: I'm going to Bonus Act.
Eric Rosenbaum: Healing word is always a bonus action. Optionally.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep, going always a bonus.
Eric Rosenbaum: I never knew that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my God!
Kate Sackton: All right. I'm bonus action, healing, wording.
Mike Sackton: Oh, wait! You know you could have healed yourself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I just didn't realize.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Secret heal.
Mike Sackton: You can't cast 2 level spells on it. You can't cast 2 spells on a turn, though.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Kate Sackton: And then for my action, I move me here.
Kate Sackton: and then I hit him with shatterstorm.
Mike Sackton: Are you injured?
Kate Sackton: No, I mean oh, that is the worst role in the world.
Tim Sackton: That misses.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did I get some healing.
Tim Sackton: 26 points of healing.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, 12.
David S. Kong: Don't. Don't feel bad about the healing word thing. I just discovered like this combat that I can reroll any saving, throw it for a team. It's kinda you know, that would have been extremely useful for a lot of different times. So
David S. Kong: let's do it.
David S. Kong: Lot lot of things. We're pretty powerful. We can do a lot of stuff.
Tim Sackton: Polly on. Looks around.
Mike Sackton: He's gonna teleport again, annoying bastard that he is.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. He specifically did not use
Tim Sackton: counterspell on healing words, so he can still teleport
Tim Sackton: using his last reaction. But at the top of the round.
Tim Sackton: He says it will not end like this.
David S. Kong: Oh no!
Tim Sackton: And black bolts of magic.
Mike Sackton: Write a Polyon. Kenza is going to kill you, not me!
David S. Kong: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Everybody within a hundred 20 feet has to make a dexterity saving throw.
Tim Sackton: I think that's it.
David S. Kong: 24.
Tim Sackton: Though, and Welby are very hard to hurt.
Tim Sackton: the rest of you, though, are in rather big trouble.
Mike Sackton: Up. Seeker. Sorry you might be going down.
Tim Sackton: A 103 points of necrotic damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's 10.
David S. Kong: Everybody who failed to save.
Mike Sackton: A lot.
David S. Kong: And you guys do some reroll stuff and some things to try to do the thing with the guys.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's too many, too many points.
Tim Sackton: That's a lot of damage, Whilebi and Kenzo take nothing because it's a dexterity save wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: So if I use, I still have my heroic inspiration.
David S. Kong: Yeah, right?
Mike Sackton: You could use it.
Mike Sackton: It's a it's again. Oh, you have a
Mike Sackton: what's your dex? What's your dex plus plus 7.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David S. Kong: You definitely.
Mike Sackton: 20. DC, so yeah, I may as well chance it.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. Well.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no, no, no! Why bother! Why, you're going down, no matter what.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh! Because even half damage will take me out.
Mike Sackton: Half damage will take you down. You can't stop this.
David S. Kong: Embrace it.
Mike Sackton: You're not gonna die. You're just gonna fall to 0 hit points.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it was, how many 100 and.
Kate Sackton: Great.
Tim Sackton: 3.
David S. Kong: You've got. You don't have 103 avoids. I don't think.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have 33.
Tim Sackton: The unless the this spell goes away.
Tim Sackton: because there's no way you can roll a 53 on your concentration check.
Kate Sackton: Out!
David S. Kong: Which spell goes away.
Mike Sackton: That all the erupting are, the erupting earth's gone or no, it's permanently.
Tim Sackton: That's an inconvenience that just stays
Tim Sackton: The latter rushes in terror over to defend seeker's body.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's great!
David S. Kong: Good ladder!
Tim Sackton: And so, and Welby still have not taken any damage, have they?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I've taken some.
Mike Sackton: Can I just say the potion of invulnerability is a really good potion.
David S. Kong: So I'm very glad you have that.
Mike Sackton: Also very. Although I did have a hundred 6 hit points, I would have been okay even without it. But.
Eric Rosenbaum: I must have taken almost 200.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like.
Tim Sackton: And.
Eric Rosenbaum: 190.
Tim Sackton: Oh, the chain light night is gone, too. Sorry!
Tim Sackton: How does Deck save? He only had 91 hit points left, and then Apollyon teleports
Tim Sackton: here, using his last reaction.
David S. Kong: One dude.
Tim Sackton: Actually kind of wants to be far away from Kenzo. He's going to teleport here.
Tim Sackton: so I put him out of range of.
Mike Sackton: I don't think he can be well to be out of range of Kenzo. He would have to.
Tim Sackton: He doesn't know how much Kenzo can move right.
Mike Sackton: Right right?
Mike Sackton: He can't actually be out of range of Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: He'll go there, thinks he's out of range of Kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: The ladder still has the green sphere. By the way, whatever that thing is, the ladder's got it.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: And he thought 2 spirits right.
Tim Sackton: He still has 2 spirits. That was a villain action. So it's Kenza's turn.
Tim Sackton: Seeker is.
David S. Kong: How do you draw arrows for the distance.
Mike Sackton: Click, on.
Tim Sackton: Click on the little.
Mike Sackton: Leisure.
Tim Sackton: As well.
Mike Sackton: There!
Eric Rosenbaum: The second to last one. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And it is Kenzo term.
David S. Kong: But I can. I can. He's 75. My move is 65.
Mike Sackton: No, Kenza, you're right here.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah, although that's from Welby. Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Counting from Welby. You're fine.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, I'm totally in. I'm totally in. Yeah. Super easy. Okay. Yeah. Kenzo. Saunters over.
Mike Sackton: Double! Shouted Elvish. He's faster than you.
David S. Kong: All right, all right, all right, all right, Kenza. Kenza gets over there and starts
David S. Kong: channeling all of his, all of Delwith's elvish rage
David S. Kong: for for once, or just for this combat, you know, like really really embracing his inner elf.
David S. Kong: and we'll we'll lay into a polyon.
Tim Sackton: Your wisdom safe.
David S. Kong: Okay, 26.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: One spirit left 1st attack.
David S. Kong: so I don't have an advantage or anything right now.
Mike Sackton: Else.
Tim Sackton: No advantage.
David S. Kong: 1st one misses second, one hits 27 that does.
David S. Kong: 9 plus.
David S. Kong: I'm in only 1 10 damage total, first, st unarmed strike.
David S. Kong: Oh, my God! I rolled 2 ones, this fucking round. Fuck! That shit! I missed that one second unarmed. Strike bad hits! 21
David S. Kong: that does 11 plus!
David S. Kong: Oh, my God! Another 1 12! I've been.
Tim Sackton: Crouching, meaning against his against the wall.
David S. Kong: One more.
Tim Sackton: Cracks starting to form in his skin.
David S. Kong: Last attack last unarmed. Strike 22 hits.
David S. Kong: That does another 7 plus 9 damage.
David S. Kong: Not a lot of damage.
Tim Sackton: Dead, but leaning back definitely, has, like a 10th of his hit, points over.
David S. Kong: Gonna finish him off.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: I can't do anything.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
David S. Kong: Well, be.
Tim Sackton: Saving, throw.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I make a whistle? Oh, right right? Because.
Tim Sackton: And you did not hit last time, so you don't have advantage or wait.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But did you, pet? Last time.
David S. Kong: We did hit it last time.
David S. Kong: Yes, cause he used that he had the scar arrows.
Tim Sackton: All right, right.
David S. Kong: And then he did hit. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wisdom, saving, throw 17.
Tim Sackton: The spirit blocks your intentions, you are dazed, and your turn is over. No more spirits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm making a con save against the thing, though what I need to be.
Tim Sackton: 20.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No.
Tim Sackton: Lair actions.
David S. Kong: No.
Tim Sackton: The latter has to make a charisma saving throw.
Mike Sackton: Oh, no, no, no! The water Kit kills seeker.
Mike Sackton: That can't happen.
David S. Kong: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: Charisma is only a 6, so it has a minus 2. I guess.
David S. Kong: Oh, no! Oh, no! This doesn't look good.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I'll just roll a d 20.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, no.
Tim Sackton: The latter turns and strikes seeker.
David S. Kong: No! What no!
Kate Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: Screaming in terror as it does seeker, fails, one death saving throw.
David S. Kong: Oh, fuck!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is true evil. This is the face of true evil.
Mike Sackton: Really is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like this.
David S. Kong: Oh no!
Tim Sackton: Think our Eric roll another d. 20.
Mike Sackton: Am I next.
Tim Sackton: Apollyon's next, then you.
Eric Rosenbaum: They rolled a 4.
Tim Sackton: Seeker has failed. 2 death savings.
Mike Sackton: Seeker you. You haven't died yet, have you?
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, that's 2.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no, I mean in in general, in the campaign seeker has not died yet. Right.
Tim Sackton: I don't think seekers died.
David S. Kong: Well, you can be revived. I've got a I've got a special wondrous key that I can use to pull your spirits. It doesn't like, totally go there, and we also have Risbane.
Mike Sackton: I'm just thinking it. It might happen.
David S. Kong: Even if you have another, even if the latter, like kills you, kills you. You're not really killed, kills.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, exactly.
Mike Sackton: You got like a couple of
Mike Sackton: doesn't. If Apollyon doesn't kill him, I can do something.
David S. Kong: I can only do something if you're actually dead. But.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is fine.
David S. Kong: Not gonna have your everything's fine, everything's fine. Secret secrets is all everything is, you know. You're.
Tim Sackton: Polyon is going to.
David S. Kong: I'm sure he's gonna do just.
Tim Sackton: Can't get away from Kenzo. Kenzo's very, very annoying.
Tim Sackton: Everything.
David S. Kong: Security, attack, opportunity, attack.
Tim Sackton: Well, if he moves, he's going to use his bonus action to teleport, to turn into shout out,
Tim Sackton: okay, he needs something.
Mike Sackton: Come, kill the elf.
Tim Sackton: He needs to take out some people.
Tim Sackton: A lot of people are wounded. He needs to take out some wounded people.
Tim Sackton: He's going right in the middle. Here a blast lies towards Welby.
Tim Sackton: That's a 20 to hit.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's a hit.
Tim Sackton: Welby takes
Tim Sackton: 34 points of fire damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can I dodge that uncannily.
Tim Sackton: It's a range spell attack. Can you? Dodge? Ranged spell attacks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, I don't think so.
Tim Sackton: And now does that put Wabby down.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm at 73 now. Yep.
Tim Sackton: Wait. Oh, you didn't take anything from the okay. He didn't take anything from the.
Tim Sackton: And then product image. Okay, he's gonna take one at.
Tim Sackton: so he probably wouldn't have bothered with Welby. But that's okay. I'll let him fire at Welby. He's going to fire one at rizwin.
Tim Sackton: That's a 30.
Kate Sackton: That beat the 23 armor.
Tim Sackton: And this is going to be
Kate Sackton: Warmed it.
Tim Sackton: 29 points of psychic damage.
Tim Sackton: and you are also afflicted by pain.
Tim Sackton: So your attacks deal half damage that doesn't. Does that put risen down.
Kate Sackton: No, I am at 3 whole hit points.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Whoa!
Kate Sackton: Ellen Hardy.
Tim Sackton: Gong. It doesn't. Wanna?
Tim Sackton: It's very annoying.
Mike Sackton: No, no, he should. I'm gonna like I'm gonna yell at him like you're ignoring me.
Mike Sackton: What's wrong with you? I'll like, look bloody.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna look more.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: He's gonna attack you.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna use my reaction to dodge.
Mike Sackton: Well, does. He had.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Okay. If I roll above, if I roll a 4 or above, he does not.
Tim Sackton: It's a natural 20.
Mike Sackton: Well, if I roll a full, let's hope I roll a floor above.
Mike Sackton: Where's all 20? I'll just roll in.
Mike Sackton: Hi, guys.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Crunchy leap in front of the bolt of fire.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man!
Tim Sackton: Flashing towards now with.
Tim Sackton: and he screams in frustration as you can see this red patch on his face growing bigger and bigger.
Tim Sackton: and that ends his turn.
David S. Kong: All right.
David S. Kong: The della's turn.
Mike Sackton: My turn.
Tim Sackton: Dawa's turn.
Mike Sackton: I happen to have a.
David S. Kong: Do it for the elves.
Mike Sackton: I can't get to him. He's too far away.
David S. Kong: Then you dash.
Mike Sackton: 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, but I can't attack him.
David S. Kong: Oh, man!
Mike Sackton: I'm 1 square too short to be able to attack him.
David S. Kong: You have any range attacks.
Mike Sackton: Do, I will attack him with ranged attacks. But 1st I am. I don't have any good spell slots left, but I can.
Mike Sackton: I can. I'll just blast him.
David S. Kong: Can you heal rizwan or seeger?
David S. Kong: Oh, Mike's Mike, your your volume went out, your audio went out.
Tim Sackton: Thank you.
Tim Sackton: Out.
David S. Kong: Audio out.
David S. Kong: The elf is suddenly mute.
David S. Kong: Still no audio
David S. Kong: dude Apollyonce. Internet attacks are so effective.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sure.
David S. Kong: Man.
Mike Sackton: Can you hear me now?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yup, yeah.
David S. Kong: Yes, no, video, though.
Tim Sackton: Can you hear me now? Yes, we hear you.
Mike Sackton: Okay, sorry. And, like my speaker switched from Bluetooth, from plugged into Bluetooth. Anyway. Okay.
Mike Sackton: I have a I have a healing word. Item.
Mike Sackton: 7th level healing word from our
Mike Sackton: ship that I've not used yet. So first, st
Mike Sackton: I'm going to do that first.st I'm going to move because I have to be a little bit closer
Mike Sackton: in order to healing word, because it's only range 30.
Mike Sackton: Actually, I'm going to move all the way up
Mike Sackton: to bear. I can't get any closer, but I'm going to move all the way up to there. The healing word, it's 7th level. So what is it like? 10 d. 4. I think.
Tim Sackton: Counterspell.
Mike Sackton: Right!
Eric Rosenbaum: What esh.
Kate Sackton: Speak below 0.
Mike Sackton: How much damage would it be.
Tim Sackton: 35, but that's only 17 to you.
Mike Sackton: Yep, yep, I'm taking it.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So you get back.
Mike Sackton: Oh, oops! Sorry I, Eric, you get back 31
Mike Sackton: plus what's the? I think it's only plus. I don't think it's plus very much, but.
David S. Kong: You're no longer unconscious.
Mike Sackton: Plus 5. So 36.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And then I'm just I'm gonna I'll just blast Tim.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whew! Thank you.
David S. Kong: Death, glow.
Mike Sackton: And I'll just blast. Here we go.
Mike Sackton: 1.st One misses.
Tim Sackton: That's.
Mike Sackton: Second one hits, but it doesn't do that much damage.
Mike Sackton: 4 points of damage.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Standing.
Eric Rosenbaum: I couldn't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I don't know how much that.
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
Mike Sackton: That doesn't help that much. But 17.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's solid.
Eric Rosenbaum: This.
Mike Sackton: 21, total.
Tim Sackton: All standing, limping, beginning to dissipate, but still standing.
Tim Sackton: Riswin. Oh! And after the after that
Tim Sackton: he's still. No, he'll save his last reaction. Briswin, you're up.
Kate Sackton: All right.
Kate Sackton: 2.
Mike Sackton: Oh, actually, can I use heroic inspiration on my crappy roll
Mike Sackton: and one of my attacks, when the mist.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: So I.
Mike Sackton: That that hits.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: 6 damage! Kill him!
Tim Sackton: He has 4 hit points left.
David S. Kong: After this exercise.
Mike Sackton: For the 6.
Tim Sackton: After the sex.
David S. Kong: Somebody somebody breathe on him bad breath before damage.
Kate Sackton: Alright! So I.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could vicious mockery him to death.
Kate Sackton: It's.
Mike Sackton: You could go ahead. Go ahead, Riswin. Rizwin can take him out.
Kate Sackton: I have a disadvantage in some space because of my psychic something.
Mike Sackton: Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait! No! No, no! I kill him.
Kate Sackton: Why I do, plus 15 damage. My mark of the hunter is any damage roll?
Kate Sackton: Oh, good.
Mike Sackton: So he takes 15 more damage from those 3 attacks.
Tim Sackton: All right. So Dallas, last blow good. That made it kind of anti-climactic.
Mike Sackton: Sorry. I don't know.
Kate Sackton: My technicality.
Mike Sackton: Technicality. I forgot about my ability.
Tim Sackton: So the tachi comes swooping in. That was.
Mike Sackton: 8 o'clock.
Mike Sackton: Fast.
Tim Sackton: On the last blast. I'll put all the 15 points of damage exactly.
Tim Sackton: The last shot that dealt with fires.
Mike Sackton: You see.
Tim Sackton: The spirits of the Tanji riding along with this blast of force, and as the as the
Tim Sackton: blast hits a polyon
Tim Sackton: He stumbles, and you see, for you hear for a moment the
Tim Sackton: The quiet whisper of of wind in the woods and moonlight begins to shine.
Tim Sackton: and Apollyon's body begins to dissolve in the moonlight as he slowly begins to crumble and drift
Tim Sackton: from head to toe, beginning to disintegrate, and as he does the 2 remaining pillars crack.
Tim Sackton: and the room begins to collapse.
Kate Sackton: What's happening to the green thing.
David S. Kong: Yeah, green orbs, small. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I think the latter's still holding it.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's true.
Kate Sackton: It's not changing.
Tim Sackton: No.
David S. Kong: Is it.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: I did manage to save a 7th level spell slot through all of that. So I have teleport if we need it.
Mike Sackton: Let's just should.
Mike Sackton: Should we teleport somewhere.
David S. Kong: Well, I don't. Can we even escape from here?
Tim Sackton: Teleport up, you could teleport to the room you were in.
Tim Sackton: Oh, right.
David S. Kong: Place.
Mike Sackton: Oh, we can't get out.
David S. Kong: But we're also traveling.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Take a quick look around. Is there anything in here like? Is there anything left behind on his body? Is there anything.
Tim Sackton: His body has disintegrated. It's just a pile of ash.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I assume there's not like stuff for the taking sitting around.
Kate Sackton: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: The seeker's a little dazed, gets back up again, runs over to the
Eric Rosenbaum: the runes on the ground just to take a quick look.
David S. Kong: Hey! Sam.
Eric Rosenbaum: Dreams are gone. They disappeared when he healed himself. Hey, Tim.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: Can I take everybody to the dream world.
Tim Sackton: You can, but your bodies will be crushed to death.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, no. We just got a teleport back up to where we were before, I think.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, let's do that.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Alright.
Tim Sackton: Do I have to roll, or anything? How does that work.
Eric Rosenbaum: Should we teleport right now?
Eric Rosenbaum: Everybody ready to go?
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: We're all d 100.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cast, a teleport.
David S. Kong: This this music?
David S. Kong: Shouldn't this be like happy music?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Killed the dude, the dude guy.
Tim Sackton: Well, let's see what what happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: One d. 100.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a 62.
David S. Kong: Yeah, like, I said, Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Seen seen casually.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: I would say it counts as
Tim Sackton: So 62 is enough for scene casualty seeker is an expert at teleportation.
Eric Rosenbaum: Other ones failed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Very lucky with it. Yes.
Tim Sackton: You should try to teleport to some much more crazy places.
Eric Rosenbaum: True.
Mike Sackton: The the one time we traded pride, the really crazy teleport you used
Tim Sackton: Is your chance to be for that.
Mike Sackton: Sweeper.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's right. That's right.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so is this room falling apart.
Tim Sackton: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're up on the.
Kate Sackton: Just quiet and lit with red mist.
Tim Sackton: Find yourself.
Tim Sackton: No, yeah.
Tim Sackton: In the quiet of the temple of Apollyon
Tim Sackton: you can feel seeker especially can feel the ground shaking below you as the crypt beneath
Tim Sackton: temple begins to collapse, I'm falling.
Tim Sackton: but the temple itself is built on solid foundations, and does not seem to be disrupt.
Tim Sackton: You still, however, are trapped in spite of Polyon's death. His prison is not broken.
Tim Sackton: and there is no way out
Tim Sackton: for the next 4 days at least.
Tim Sackton: So now you find yourself
Tim Sackton: strangely, with little to do as you contemplate your injuries, some more life-threatening than others.
David S. Kong: Henzo like like looks at himself, and it's like totally clean, just like completely like just looks like he was freshly laundered, you know, just like came out of like a song as like, you know, his hair looks really good, and he's just like looking, and he's looking at. He looks over at Speaker, and everybody needs
David S. Kong: doesn't say anything, but he's just like kind of marveling at, like how how.
Tim Sackton: Enzo also took no damage from the dragon fight right.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I haven't taken damage in a while in a combat, because when they actually hit me when they hit me, I can reflect and do the fucking. So it's just like.
Tim Sackton: Big fight's gonna be beat up. Kenzo.
David S. Kong: I'm really hard to hurt.
Mike Sackton: It.
David S. Kong: And this is all with me, forgetting that I can reroll saving throws, too. So that's agreement.
Tim Sackton: Kenzel's also proficient in all things, so it makes it hard to fix.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Well.
Tim Sackton: But you set.
David S. Kong: And then.
Tim Sackton: Bait.
David S. Kong: What's this? What's that? Orb speaker?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, let's have a look. Now, now, we can identify it.
Tim Sackton: It is a crystal ball that how Apollyon's flies.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
David S. Kong: Can we use it?
Tim Sackton: Somebody could attune to it if they wanted to.
David S. Kong: Does our measured stone work in here?
David S. Kong: Can we talk to Sarah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Your Methestone works. Yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What's happening with Sarah.
David S. Kong: Yeah, let's check in.
David S. Kong: How's how's Tokara?
Tim Sackton: Toka is safe.
Tim Sackton: She has received scouting reports that the Stoneborn have reached Tokra and have driven the Chelite assassins out of the city.
Tim Sackton: The Chardoteans are marching back to Chardon.
Tim Sackton: Some splinter group fled to the north and is hiding in the wilderness, but
Tim Sackton: at the moment everybody is a bit too.
Tim Sackton: beat up from the fire and the
Tim Sackton: fighting to chase after them. But Avdar is fortifying the borders and preparing to send scouts to try and track where these
Tim Sackton: fleeing mages went.
Tim Sackton: They've been shadowing the Chardonian legions who are marching quickly back, do charting.
Tim Sackton: They've been setting up shrines, small little shrines to the 8 divines and leaving them at every camp.
Tim Sackton: marking their renewed interest in prayer.
Tim Sackton: No news from Karnas or the navy as of yet.
Tim Sackton: Nobody knows what's happening in Darba in the south of the country.
Tim Sackton: She sent scouts and messengers, and is hoping to have news in the next day.
David S. Kong: Rizwan? How goes the Cheli trade? Destruction.
Tim Sackton: Well, it's been only a day. There's not that much that's been.
David S. Kong: But it's still happening right like
David S. Kong: there's nothing, nothing, and nothing has occurred that would that would alter that.
David S. Kong: That's fine.
Tim Sackton: Riswyn is still attuned to the crown, and still asserting the
Tim Sackton: asserting the immorality of che laid, and it's anti moss numina anti-divine feeling, and
Tim Sackton: various people within the sort of chelike bureaucracy are
Tim Sackton: strategizing and planning, but nothing, you know, has immediately changed. Within 36 h.
Mike Sackton: Are we?
Mike Sackton: Is the this prison? The cracking of the prison?
Mike Sackton: Was that something Apollyon was doing? Or is this an inevitable? At this point.
Mike Sackton: I mean, do we just need to wait a couple, or do we not know.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo's understanding or your understanding was that the enough Apollyon had killed enough people with the
Tim Sackton: doppelgangers, especially with the 1st attack.
Tim Sackton: It's inevitable. Eventually all of those souls will break free, and once they do, the prison will. The bombs will will crack.
Tim Sackton: It's based on the original pace. It's probably 3 or 4 days from now.
Tim Sackton: You manage to actually keep most of the doppelgangers from doing too much extra damage, so
Tim Sackton: probably it's not sped up anything relative to your original pace, so you guess you probably have 3 or 4 days before you're free.
Mike Sackton: And we can't Rainbow Bridge from here, presumably, or our account.
Tim Sackton: Estania.
Mike Sackton: Sort of.
Tim Sackton: No form of teleportation or plane shift works.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can we contact Vindestrana.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I can send in anybody.
Tim Sackton: Yeah sending works.
Kate Sackton: Check in on.
Tim Sackton: You still a 3rd level slot for sending. Wait, didn't you? Did you? Unprepared, sending.
Kate Sackton: No, I am prepared. Please.
Tim Sackton: Right? Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I feel like we're probably long rest at this point, though, right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, it's still only like lunchtime or a little after.
Tim Sackton: But presumably this is I mean, Kenzo can check with his key sense.
Tim Sackton: But, as far as you know, there's no other undead, and this kill
Tim Sackton: Kenzo can't sense anything. There's nothing.
Tim Sackton: You are the only ones here now.
Kate Sackton: You took over, drankor.
Mike Sackton: Well, who knows what's still out in drank, or right? The.
Kate Sackton: I know it's an oversimplification.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Huh!
Kate Sackton: Anyway. What do
Kate Sackton: That a serious question about whether I have a 3rd level spell slot? I'm sure I do.
Kate Sackton: Oh, one left.
Mike Sackton: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Though they are getting close, they're on their way.
Tim Sackton: They won't be able to get too close to the city because the fear aura is still
Tim Sackton: exists. That's a plague effect, not a polyon effect.
Tim Sackton: So yeah, you'll need to make your way from the roof of this building out of grand Corp. But
Tim Sackton: well, we could just Rainbow Bridge from the movie.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, once you get to.
Tim Sackton: Though you wait.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I think I think there's not that much to do.
Mike Sackton: We? We have to deal with the Crown, but I think, waiting until
Mike Sackton: we're out of this prison is kind of a reasonable
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh! By the way.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Since my latest crown art.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think Riswin looks the best wearing it, but.
Mike Sackton: But we're not letting Seeker anywhere near it. I don't know why you're sending that art.
Tim Sackton: Have you taken it out of the portable hole recently.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No.
Eric Rosenbaum: Noob.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Oh, it might look different.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's nothing else in the portable hole that could attune to it right.
Tim Sackton: Unless somebody gets out of the mirror.
Mike Sackton: But that would cost an explosion.
Tim Sackton: That would cause an explosion.
Kate Sackton: Black magic fries your brain seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: A bit, little bit.
Tim Sackton: Oh!
Tim Sackton: A day passes.
David S. Kong: You rest.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Recover
Tim Sackton: in the morning you hear the news that from Sarah that
Tim Sackton: she has received word that
Tim Sackton: magistros Midas, the the ruler of Chardon, at the head of the Chardonian navy.
Tim Sackton: has won a great naval victory outside of Darba, and has entered the city.
Tim Sackton: Negotiations are proceeding between Midas and Karnos as to the ultimate fate of Darba and the
Tim Sackton: Niahar part of Dunmar. But
Tim Sackton: the magistrates, uncertain as to what's going on with his legions, and why they have
Tim Sackton: left to return to Chardin, and beginning to hear rumors of unrest in Chardin.
Tim Sackton: It's not interested in remaining long or attempting to conquer any of Denmark, particularly.
Tim Sackton: Another day passes.
Tim Sackton: You hear from the crowns, from the
Tim Sackton: people under Riswin's control of the crown, that.
Tim Sackton: taking advantage of the chaos caused by a
Tim Sackton: battle that broke out between a faction of the
Tim Sackton: Mage guard remaining in Chardon and some faculty on the University. The 1st
Tim Sackton: Chelite strike has occurred, and hundreds of pounds of chelite were dumped into the river.
David S. Kong: Viva la resistance!
Tim Sackton: Another day passes.
Tim Sackton: You can feel now the outside world
Tim Sackton: pressing in the barriers of the
Tim Sackton: prison that hold you here growing thin.
Tim Sackton: You hear news that negotiations are continuing between Karnas and Midas.
Tim Sackton: but that Sura has refused to have any part to do with whatever.
Kate Sackton: Parnas may negotiate for whatever.
Tim Sackton: Status Darba and Niahar may have with respect to Chardon.
Tim Sackton: and the people of Central Dunmar are behind her.
Tim Sackton: Chaos spreads in Chardon. There now seems.
Tim Sackton: be a pitched battle between many of the faculty at the University.
Tim Sackton: some faction of the Mage guard, probably Apolly, on Loyalists, now calling themselves
Tim Sackton: up with some.
Mike Sackton: That you didn't predefine this name. It's worth having. It be a good one.
Tim Sackton: Oh, calling themselves cult to be determined.
Kate Sackton: It's not the people of the pandemic.
Tim Sackton: Saying, The
Tim Sackton: the god Apollyon, who will return in glory.
Tim Sackton: driven out of the city and in the chaos several merchant back, and
Tim Sackton: convoys with news racing north to the Chelite mines near Voltara, of the unrest in Chardin destroyed.
Tim Sackton: Although messengers got away, and news will soon reach the
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: miner the sort of mining conglomerates, and the most of the Chaleite is mined far to the north around the city of Voltara, and is shipped South to Chardon for processing
Tim Sackton: violent reprisals against the striking chelike workers are not fully stopped, and many die.
Tim Sackton: Another day passes.
Tim Sackton: The 30th of May dawns, and you feel crack.
Tim Sackton: and then another, and then another, as the prison ends.
Mike Sackton: Let's
Mike Sackton: go to Vidya, Sharna.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's get out of here.
Tim Sackton: A rainbow bridge appears, and you walk to Vendrasharna.
Tim Sackton: parked about 5 miles outside of the city, hovering over the river
Tim Sackton: as you walk and shift on the Rainbow bridge.
Tim Sackton: You see that the red mist
Tim Sackton: around this temple is beginning to dissipate.
Tim Sackton: The temple itself still stands.
Tim Sackton: You arrive on Vindisharna, except the congratulations and thanks and cheer of your followers.
Tim Sackton: Faldrick says, Yeah, I think even I wouldn't have gone in after you.
Tim Sackton: I'm glad you made it out.
Kate Sackton: Glad you kept the ship safe.
Eric Rosenbaum: In some ways it was a close thing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And they.
Tim Sackton: Retreat, to give you space to discuss your next moves.
Mike Sackton: What our next moves.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I was just pulling up the list of side quests.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Brain, car.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Kate Sackton: Welby, you can help me out with this crown thing.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we should do something about the crown.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are you still attuned to it? 4 days later in the bag, folding. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: What does it look like? Let's take it out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah. And we can use the mirror. Now, we gotta be able to use the mirror. Now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yes, let's let's do the crown. Take the crown out. Do the crown in the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: Love it.
Tim Sackton: You take the crown out.
Tim Sackton: It looks totally different.
Tim Sackton: It's a fine silver tiara now.
Tim Sackton: The holy symbol of the dwarvish runes around the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well.
Tim Sackton: The base of the crown.
Tim Sackton: the 7 points for the 7 barzelle arrayed in a in a row, each with a different colored, subtly set, but sparkling gemstone
Tim Sackton: running throughout it, motifs of hammers and forges.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's so cool.
Kate Sackton: Oh, just chirping man.
Tim Sackton: Take out the mirror.
Tim Sackton: What do you want to know about the crown?
Eric Rosenbaum: It would be interesting to know if there is a best case scenario that we could recreate for it.
Mike Sackton: That's I'm with that.
David S. Kong: What was it? What's the best case? Scenario.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like how it was that its longest stretch of
Eric Rosenbaum: peaceful operation happened. Something like that.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think I want to know
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): who created it, and to what end?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): during the long stretches when it was just disappeared from the world. Where was it in those times?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So like, if we're going to stash it somewhere, what? What's the successful strategy? If we can't destroy it?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To just put it away.
Mike Sackton: Very different questions.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bizarre.
Eric Rosenbaum: Probably wellbees are more practical.
Mike Sackton: I don't know. I think seekers are pretty important.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hey thinks like Welby is much more pessimistic about this than than the rest of the party.
Mike Sackton: Dalith is very interested in seekers. Question.
Eric Rosenbaum: Man
Eric Rosenbaum: record of finding really powerful things that could, you know, be useful to improve the peace and prosperity of the world, and then casting them into the pit of destruction.
Eric Rosenbaum: Receptors, said.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Musicals, you know.
David S. Kong: Kenza is very much a team, destroy.
Mike Sackton: I think we do. I think we do seekers.
David S. Kong: No, no, no.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or.
David S. Kong: And then no, no, dealt with is also team destroy.
David S. Kong: You can't. You can't stand your now that that.
Mike Sackton: End of the day.
Eric Rosenbaum: The crown. Where do you get a vote? I don't know.
Mike Sackton: It seems to me that we should
Mike Sackton: see what the mirror has to say before we settle on our team.
Eric Rosenbaum: So maybe the origin.
Mike Sackton: Can we show something more than once.
Tim Sackton: You've never tried that before, but you're oppression is no.
Mike Sackton: I think we.
Tim Sackton: I think we will get see? More than one thing.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean, pick it up.
Mike Sackton: Could try.
David S. Kong: No knowing who created it, and like it's it's history will will tell us a lot about, I think. I think, knowing who created it in its history that will contain both.
Mike Sackton: Can we? Can we ask for the the highs and lows.
David S. Kong: We'll just ask for history. The history, like
David S. Kong: 3 is is general, right? It'll it'll give us some highs and lows.
Kate Sackton: Its entire history.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's some prevenience.
David S. Kong: Yeah, it's it's origins. And it's history. I think that'll that'll be what we'll learn about. We'll learn about it all.
Kate Sackton: We're not letting the philosopher's guilt within a million.
Mike Sackton: No, we're not giving this to the philosophers, Guild, but we could give something else to the philosophers. Guild.
Kate Sackton: No, no, we're not even them about it.
Kate Sackton: It I don't want them to know.
David S. Kong: What is this? Wisdom, wisdom.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It could be that the whole existence of the philosopher skills is just to acquire this one artifact like.
David S. Kong: Tim? Is it a wisdom?
Tim Sackton: Wisdom, Wisdom.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's that's an amazing.
Tim Sackton: Or insight, insights.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's excellent.
Eric Rosenbaum: I love that idea.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With.
David S. Kong: 20, but I will add a bardic inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, you will.
David S. Kong: 30.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that's pretty good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good.
Tim Sackton: So Kenzo holds the crown up to the mirror.
David S. Kong: Like close to his head, but not not on it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, common.
Tim Sackton: It's strange. When you pick it up, it seems to recoil from your touch.
Tim Sackton: You feel like a sort of sparkling, almost a
Tim Sackton: magnetic repulsion as you try and hold on.
Tim Sackton: it seems once you have lost it, it is.
Tim Sackton: and you look in the mirror, and it shows you the 1st thing you see is a study.
Tim Sackton: It looks maybe, Chard Onion some time ago, maybe a hundred years.
Tim Sackton: It's hard to say.
Mike Sackton: This is probably Fausto finding it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: Maybe a hundred 50 years, and you see
Tim Sackton: and it seems what the the crown itself looks not
Tim Sackton: like. It looks now the risen crown, nor like the fasto crown.
Tim Sackton: It is a plain like wooden banned. No decoration, nothing.
Tim Sackton: You're in a study, and somebody looks like they are, you know, doing research, cataloging things?
Tim Sackton: There is on their desk.
Tim Sackton: what seems to be the beginnings of a treatise on the historical greatness of drankor.
Tim Sackton: How can how to bring back the might of empire?
Tim Sackton: Somebody seems obsessed.
Tim Sackton: You see notes scattered across the page.
Tim Sackton: Like a polyon like scepter lost cloak lost.
Tim Sackton: Could this be the crown?
Tim Sackton: And then you see hands gripping it, and
Tim Sackton: time speed seems to speed up slightly
Tim Sackton: as first.st There's this electric shock.
Tim Sackton: and the person who was holding it seems to fall dead.
Tim Sackton: and somebody else walks in, somebody
Tim Sackton: older, seeming to be like the
Tim Sackton: master, the leader of whatever this group is smiling
Tim Sackton: as he reaches and grabs the crown, and it shifts and elongates the 4 points
Tim Sackton: of Fausto's crown, beginning to form.
Mike Sackton: But this person's not Foster. We can't.
Tim Sackton: Not festo.
Tim Sackton: They were old when they picked up the crown, so must have passed on.
Tim Sackton: Whoever this was was the person who founded the club.
Tim Sackton: and then the scene shifts time, reversing, going backwards, the plain wooden band sitting dusty in a forgotten chest.
Tim Sackton: not even radiating magic, lost going back and back and back, part of a
Tim Sackton: A caravan traveling across Dunmar in a chest
Tim Sackton: tossed carelessly now not wooden, but an iron band tossed with dozens of other meaningless drankorian artifacts.
Tim Sackton: Are there iron bands going back further and further
Tim Sackton: buried underground?
Tim Sackton: And then you see a Polyon standing in life
Tim Sackton: standing in front of the doors to this temple, wearing the crown, holding out
Tim Sackton: the scepter as bands of magic fly from
Tim Sackton: him towards Chamut, flying in the sky above him.
Tim Sackton: and as Chamut breathes and rends, the red mist piles around Napoleon.
Tim Sackton: Strand after strand after strand, hundreds of strands break, thousands of strands break.
Tim Sackton: It must be 5, 6, 7, 8,000 people in
Tim Sackton: command of Apollyon through this crown die and die and die and die.
Tim Sackton: until finally there are none left.
Tim Sackton: and they're pulling on screams in frustration and in desperation grabs a vial of black liquid from his pouch.
Tim Sackton: and drinks it
Tim Sackton: as the walls of his temple seal up around him, and the crown is tossed from his head
Tim Sackton: across drain corps skipping, and time jumps suddenly back a long time back.
Tim Sackton: You don't ever see how Apollyon found it back to car.
Tim Sackton: The great War people terrified a giant Armada bearing down on the island.
Tim Sackton: Nobody's sure what to do.
Tim Sackton: The crown sitting again now a plain iron band on a marble table in a temple.
Tim Sackton: Some discussion around murmured low voices
Tim Sackton: in a language you do not understand. You can't hear anything anyway?
Tim Sackton: And then nodding, and one of the men and women gathered here reaches for the crown and grabs it
Tim Sackton: and puts it on their head.
Tim Sackton: and lines of power shoot out, and again time sort of speeds up and reverses.
Tim Sackton: and you see the crown reaching out with these 12 people together, and the island breaks apart
Tim Sackton: and begins to walk.
Mike Sackton: There you go!
Eric Rosenbaum: So it did walk.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, because the crown made it walk. That's pretty cool.
Tim Sackton: And then flying back even further.
Tim Sackton: drifting far, far, far back into time, before humans even existed.
Tim Sackton: Back to that, the forests of the elves
Tim Sackton: back to when the gods drode through the world, the days of myth.
Tim Sackton: when the foot when the footsteps of the gods reshaped the world itself.
Tim Sackton: the plane of magic intertwined the plane of souls intertwined with the world itself, and then are shattering
Tim Sackton: the moment when the gods pulled the the world apart, and something was caught
Tim Sackton: when the world was pulled apart and curled itself into a circlet and fell into the forest.
Tim Sackton: A fragment of the ancient days when the world could be reshaped.
Tim Sackton: frozen in material form, mindless but powerful, waiting, a chameleon always to adapt to whoever puts it on.
Tim Sackton: and the mirror goes black.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: So we definitely destroy it right?
Mike Sackton: I don't think we can.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, can't destroy it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's the. It's like the stuff of the universe itself, like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anybody want to walk a new island? We could walk some islands.
Mike Sackton: Hmm!
Mike Sackton: I have to ask a Meta question. Here I I am.
Mike Sackton: I was seriously considering having dealt with.
Mike Sackton: Take the crowd and go off
Mike Sackton: to bring peace to Chardan and Dunmar and the elves.
Mike Sackton: Are you guys? Does everybody gonna be like? Oh, no. We have to go hunt him down because he's turned evil.
Mike Sackton: If he does that.
David S. Kong: You're just gonna take it unilaterally.
Mike Sackton: Well, probably.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, yeah, because
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): because you would think that you hadn't turned evil.
Mike Sackton: Like.
Mike Sackton: If I did it, it would be like
Mike Sackton: Dallas end of Dallas Ark. Right? It would. He'd probably not keep playing him.
Mike Sackton: I don't know I was thinking about it. It seems very like what he would want to do
Mike Sackton: is like, hunt down the rest of Apollyon and end the great war for real.
David S. Kong: We just don't know.
Mike Sackton: What?
David S. Kong: We just killed the Polyon.
Mike Sackton: Tim just told us he has all his little minions hunting around, and things like that.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: But.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Feel like that's also like.
Mike Sackton: Dealt with not having processed his own trauma. Really, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Part of what we're here for is like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to help support you through that man. We we got you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You go do that by yourself. We got you.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean, I'm I'm asking out a game because I'm very torn as to whether it would be a good
Mike Sackton: story point and definitely don't want to do it if everybody's gonna feel like. But it's a betrayal.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just think how much more you could get done with the crown and a skyship.
Mike Sackton: The. I don't think we can keep it.
Mike Sackton: There's too many.
Kate Sackton: But we can't keep it.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think.
Tim Sackton: So from a Meta point of view, if you keep the crown, you become an Npc.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You cannot hold the crown and still be a cleric.
Mike Sackton: That's kind of what I meant. We can't keep it as a it's not like something an adventuring party can use right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like, I think Dell was struggling with. That is like a really interesting story point.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But I also think, like any of us struggling with that like, we'll have that same struggle. But then, I also think, like trying to figure out what to do with it like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that feels like a really interesting question, if it can't be destroyed
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like, What what do you do with this? Who do you go? Give this thing to.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like, what does that even mean.
Mike Sackton: That. That's that's the that's the like.
Mike Sackton: The
David S. Kong: Why don't we discuss character.
Mike Sackton: Well, I'm discussing it out of character, because I don't think
Mike Sackton: I'm trying to decide if dealt with would actually feel like it was something
Mike Sackton: he would want to discuss in character.
Tim Sackton: Well, I think, have done with grabbing and plane. Shift off.
Mike Sackton: I mean potentially, he would grab it and plane, shift off and then cast dream to explain his actions afterwards.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know if he's faster than well-being. Kenzo.
Mike Sackton: Wow! But if nobody was expecting it, I think that it would.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Inspected it for 4 years.
Mike Sackton: That's the reason to have the meta cover right? There's there's no point I have no interest in turning into like a
Mike Sackton: turning deal with into a villain right like, and having it all be conflict right? So like
Mike Sackton: it works, and.
David S. Kong: I think if that happened, I think if he took the crown and like plane shifted away, I think Kenzo would would would hunt them down and try to kill him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like I. I also think there's a neater solution which is like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the vision in the mirror fades.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and we can see in Delwith's eyes the internal struggle that's going on in that moment.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And so, you know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): as we slide the mirror back down in and put the shelf, the crown on a shelf and close the bag of holding, and put it in a locket like.
Mike Sackton: No, I mean Delith, maybe would talk about it
Mike Sackton: partly. Also, I just. I haven't quite decided if I actually wanna
Mike Sackton: and dealt with as a character, and make up a new character for the last
Mike Sackton: 3 levels of the game or not.
Mike Sackton: But it it struck me as kind of satisfying to have a to to have the crown
Mike Sackton: like. What do you do with it? We either have to find a way to make it unattuned.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Or I don't trust. I can't see, deal with trusting, giving it to anybody we know.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, I totally agree with you, but I think that dealt with taking it is unsatisfying from like a dealt with character. Arc point of view, because it basically says like he hasn't changed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Over the course of returning back again, which I think is less interesting.
Mike Sackton: No, that. That's that's true.
Mike Sackton: Well, okay, you know what? He's not. Gonna try and do it secretly.
Mike Sackton: We'll do it in character.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, let's discuss his character.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay, okay. So the vision ends.
David S. Kong: Kenzo's currently holding the crown, and
David S. Kong: he, he starts to give it back to well-being.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. Welby's like standing down on the ladder in the portable hole like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): grabbing it and putting it back on the shelf again, and.
Mike Sackton: So it can't be destroyed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where's what I thought you said that.
Tim Sackton: You don't know it. Why do you think it can't be destroyed? It may not be able to be permanently destroyed.
Kate Sackton: Maybe it reforms as a circlet of something because of its existential.
Kate Sackton: Now that we know that it's fundamentally like a force of nature and a piece of the universe, but maybe what it was telling me when it told me that it would be destroyed if I rejected it.
Kate Sackton: Kenzo, did it tell you it would be destroyed if you rejected it.
David S. Kong: Yes.
Kate Sackton: Okay. So it has a consistent story that it tells people so.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that.
David S. Kong: It can't. There is, I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps a way to destroy it. Then.
Kate Sackton: Well and destroy could mean that it dematerializes from place.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's continue.
Kate Sackton: This essentially
Kate Sackton: and somewhere, under some amount of dirt or not, a circlet forms somewhere on the in some plane of talgar
Kate Sackton: and somewhere surface. But it won't be our problem.
Mike Sackton: Can we reject that.
David S. Kong: Ultimate metagame would be dealt with, rejecting the crown right now and then destroying it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow!
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or or secret could, could try as.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Probably not secret.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Neither one of them are to do that.
Kate Sackton: B.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, Tim, I have a question. Are there is there some
Eric Rosenbaum: a unique phenomenon in the universe? Or are there other items that have this kind of history and provenance.
Tim Sackton: You've never heard of anything like I mean, this is like, so the reading this thing you saw is like when the
Tim Sackton: multiverse was created.
Tim Sackton: There's nothing no lore suggests that there are, like many items that
Tim Sackton: survive from that moment. Right? This is for sure, unique.
Eric Rosenbaum: The only one which would be a scholarly argument against its destruction.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no, it's not a scholarly argument at all. Seeker, I mean, something like this is not
Mike Sackton: to be given to a scholar. I can't.
Mike Sackton: It's too
Mike Sackton: powerful, and I think a scholar is too unfocused and unintentional about their acts.
Kate Sackton: So we saw.
Eric Rosenbaum: But.
Kate Sackton: Moment in history where a reshaping of the world was a necessary good for a huge, for like an island.
Kate Sackton: and walking was the sort of thing where
Kate Sackton: this energy really came into its
Kate Sackton: best purpose like that's it. What it was showing us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Would you say that the human races, the human race, owes its existence to this thing?
Kate Sackton: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: Probably all of existence.
Eric Rosenbaum: But but humans in particular, at that historic, did that
Eric Rosenbaum: bottleneck moment in their history they could not have survived without it. Is that true?
Mike Sackton: Well, there were plenty of humans already off Hakar, but nobody knows why.
Mike Sackton: I mean there was.
Mike Sackton: I don't think we have any idea what would have happened if the quote, unquote good guys had lost the downfall.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We've said that matter. We don't know that this was the one deciding factor.
Mike Sackton: No.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In the history of the thing. In fact, it was. But but with
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, it's a counterfactual like. There's no, there's no way of knowing
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): how it would have unfolded with it just.
Mike Sackton: Seems to me, can we really turn our backs on this.
Kate Sackton: Well, I don't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This ring is a gift you're saying we should use it.
Kate Sackton: But my argument is, we just came through a moment in history, where, through our training and our
Kate Sackton: partnership and our devotions to our various studies and and skills.
Kate Sackton: We have just averted the worst case in our time frame, and the next noble quest of like
Kate Sackton: some number of months to years of like cleanup of like hench people
Kate Sackton: is not the noble quest that this crown must.
Kate Sackton: or else vanity fail like it's just like it'll take us months, or take us 4 months.
Mike Sackton: Undervalues the wives of everybody who will die.
David S. Kong: Yeah, but I think we can do it without the crown.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
David S. Kong: Easily.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The thinking in that timescale is too narrow.
Kate Sackton: So if the crown just goes away.
Kate Sackton: and if it happens to rise again at some point where it's able to be used for good.
Kate Sackton: not our.
Kate Sackton: that's our hope, but it's not our call, and if it ends up falling into some bad hands sometime in history, when we're gone, like we can't help that either, because it doesn't actually disappear. We disappeared it
Kate Sackton: from abuse for our for our moment, and I think that's what's good.
Mike Sackton: But everything we've learned about this says that it's not unable to be used.
David S. Kong: It is, it disappeared for.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no, no, no! Sorry! I mean.
Mike Sackton: there's nothing in its history that suggests its uses, corrupting.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: T.
Kate Sackton: Now is corrupt.
David S. Kong: Well, it's corrupting in the same way that you convinced me to remove the crown
David S. Kong: because of its ability to be used in powerful ways that.
David S. Kong: But I was wrong, Kenzo.
David S. Kong: Oh, you were wrong! Oh, that's so! So.
Mike Sackton: I already told you that.
David S. Kong: That's so amusing that you're wrong.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It doesn't need to be corrupting to be too powerful. It shouldn't ever have been in this world. It wasn't given to mortals to have the ability to reshape this place.
Mike Sackton: We know that.
Kate Sackton: I do think it was given to certain times and places to reshape this place. It's like that's its existence.
Kate Sackton: But right now it's not right now. It's not cleanly if it fell out of the sky right now, after some period of total disuse.
Kate Sackton: and we recognized it as a virgin circlet of wood or iron that it manifested, as with no poor 93 Chardonians attached to it, with no free will or minimum minimized free will, who can never be reset
Kate Sackton: by the will.
Mike Sackton: That.
Kate Sackton: Yes, I can't let them free.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you've been attuned to it for 4 days.
Tim Sackton: Who knows what you could do if you were attuned to it for months.
Kate Sackton: I think I thought that I had to, that I couldn't let them free, and so I had to
Kate Sackton: throw it to do a reset to get free.
Tim Sackton: You don't have the power to set them free
Tim Sackton: right now. That doesn't necessarily mean the crown
Tim Sackton: is not able to set them.
Tim Sackton: It clearly grows more. I mean.
Tim Sackton: there's a lot you don't know. There's a lot you are unable to do right. Basically, you're just taking over what Fausta was doing.
Kate Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: Like. Presumably you can't actually make
Mike Sackton: the circular island walk back to Hakar at this current moment.
Mike Sackton: But clearly.
Tim Sackton: Something the crown could theoretically.
Mike Sackton: Crown did do that with proper time and training, and many, many magic things
Mike Sackton: grow as they interact with their
Mike Sackton: so can we really is it?
Mike Sackton: Is it really true that we can
Mike Sackton: give this up? Is it the right thing to do to give this up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think that what the mirror showed us is
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): this is a remainder of the time before time began.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is a leftover piece
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): of the cosmos from when gods walked on the earth and reshaped it at will.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and when those 2 things separated.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a piece of that was left behind.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it's not supposed to be here.
Mike Sackton: Deal with like, wave his hand and create some light. This is that, too.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, but I mean, there's a difference in scale. But I that's a that's a look.
David S. Kong: How this thing has been used in the past several 1,000 years, has been at the service of the most horrific evils we've seen of the last
David S. Kong: 2 pages.
Mike Sackton: That's not what the mirror showed us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It showed us. This was the fuel for Apollyon's rise.
Mike Sackton: Did it even show us that.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, this is beautiful.
David S. Kong: Was controlling thousands and thousands of people, of of stripping them.
David S. Kong: Maybe everyone.
Mike Sackton: It's hard to know if it was the fuel of his rise, though right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, if you don't want to see what's in front of you.
Mike Sackton: But wait. Do we have any?
Mike Sackton: I mean, I guess it's hard to know. We don't know. Do you? Does the mirror? Does the crown only work by taking over people's free will. That wasn't.
Tim Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that wasn't the impression I got.
Kate Sackton: But it worked by taking over people's free will for Apollyon, and then Fausto, and then, and the dude before Fausto, whose name we don't know or care about.
Mike Sackton: But it also.
Kate Sackton: Worked, to.
Mike Sackton: Save all of human civilization.
Kate Sackton: Wasn't a wow. But whatever.
Mike Sackton: Well, no, no, no, no! It was like the vast majority, I mean Hikar was. That was like the circular island that
Mike Sackton: that we went to in Colorado, and that was the lifeboat. For basically all Chardonians, Sambarans, drankorians, all like a big swath of humanity, right? Millions and millions of people.
Mike Sackton: I I don't think we can dismiss this as evil.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, I don't think it's you. I.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think it's evil either. I don't think
Eric Rosenbaum: any more than those 2 examples. Or are those the 2 main things we know about.
Mike Sackton: Well, those are the only 2. The mirror showed.
Tim Sackton: That's all you saw in the mirror.
Mike Sackton: But well be your memory suggested both great evil and great good. Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, precisely just as the mirror showed us. I mean that, but more so.
Mike Sackton: So why so certain that there is nobody
Mike Sackton: who could do great good to balance the great evil that will surely come in the future?
Mike Sackton: Why hide it when the only, when surely the only true.
Mike Sackton: honest thing to do with something like this is to use it? If
Mike Sackton: anybody felt they could achieve great good, because otherwise only those seeking evil will use it hiding. It doesn't prevent
Mike Sackton: another being used.
Eric Rosenbaum: What if there's another path, a way to hold it in reserve
Eric Rosenbaum: in a way where we do our best to make sure that it can only be unlocked in some deep future time by someone
Eric Rosenbaum: with good intentions.
David S. Kong: I like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who who could we entrust that has that kind of longevity in the world.
Eric Rosenbaum: who who carries the memory of events and artifacts over that kind of timescale over thousands of years.
David S. Kong: I mean the one that we're we have some connection to is the stone giant.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Hrogar Hrogar would definitely not take it.
Tim Sackton: But you also. You can't. I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's way too small for his head.
Tim Sackton: But I just to be clear. The vibe is very you cannot, you cannot leave it unused.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, right, right.
Tim Sackton: Right. Your decision at this point is, either
Tim Sackton: somebody attunes to it and becomes an Npc.
Tim Sackton: Or you send it fragmented into
Tim Sackton: whatever happens when you choose to try and destroy it right like.
Mike Sackton: Or we pick.
Tim Sackton: Or you pick somebody.
Mike Sackton: Person in the world.
Tim Sackton: Who's already an Npc. And try and convince them to attune to it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Such as Demitar.
Kate Sackton: Such as, like the people who I'm keep going back to this example. The people who
Kate Sackton: set up the circular island we're like a group of 12 wise people.
Mike Sackton: We are a group of 5 wise people.
Kate Sackton: We could all become Npcs and just stop playing right now. But.
Tim Sackton: We couldn't all. Only one of us could. I think only one person can attune to it. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They don't trust us. I don't trust.
Mike Sackton: No.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Put in this world to do that? No, of course not, absolutely not.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No! Any one person's vision is too narrow.
Kate Sackton: Well, that's why I said this. That's why I was going back.
Kate Sackton: State the.
Kate Sackton: They all agreed together on a plan that one person enacted through their shared is my impression.
Mike Sackton: But I don't think I mean, Tim. We get. My impression is this is not a. It's not like 12 people attuned to it.
Tim Sackton: No, no, no.
Kate Sackton: There's 1 person attuned, but like I'm currently carrying out
Kate Sackton: Kenzo's will in Jordan, like I am balancing the like.
Kate Sackton: If it if I don't give it any directions, and it just tries to guess it's like, Oh, you want everybody to be followers of the Bahara Zel like Zap. Everybody's like
Kate Sackton: vehemently religious like, though if I pay attention I can do other things with it. If I were part of a committee, if I were the Npc. Running this artifact I could
Kate Sackton: work with the Misti of various countries, and whoever we decide is like supposed to guide whatever is the great good this is meant to work in the world that dealt with wants to work, that everybody. But I don't think I don't know what that need is
Kate Sackton: like. Make everybody.
David S. Kong: Russ, making an interesting proposal, which is to act as an instrument at the behest of a larger democratic order.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or a secret world government that we install.
Mike Sackton: No, that's deal with this idea now, totally.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is doubtless.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But I like, I think, I think, for Welby, like coming from
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): coming from this halfling place, both of like like a semi-communal society, but also with a racial memory that, like both combines and spans individuals like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to me it feels like any use of the crown, any
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): all of the uses of it, for good and for evil are about cutting off the ability of like the flow of time
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to unfold as it's going to. It's about reshaping the world to an individual's will rather than allowing the world to make its own choice about how it's going to unfold itself. And and everything does that right, like the the light spell. Does that in a dark place? Right? It contravenes the world's darkness right? And each individual does it. But
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but there's a difference in scale when one individual can have that impact to to change and shape the choices of thousands for the same reasons that it's bad for Apollyon or Shamut to be able to do that in empire and conquest. Inevitably, even when it's for the good it's cutting off futures that are possible.
Kate Sackton: That's really.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Kate Sackton: But and I want to add that there's only a moment when that's perhaps needed some dire case like
Kate Sackton: like Holding island time.
Mike Sackton: See, I.
Kate Sackton: There's not, it's not.
Mike Sackton: I think that I mean
Mike Sackton: it's a difference in scale, but I don't think the difference in scale makes it a difference in kind.
Mike Sackton: How is it different than a wish spell? Right, are you gonna are we gonna be suspicious of seeker in 3 months, when he can reshape the world by stating what he wants.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But.
Eric Rosenbaum: This continues with that kind of thing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, it's it's bigger than that. Still, I mean, it's magical.
Mike Sackton: Power.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The desires.
Mike Sackton: Powerful.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But the desire is to keep the peace between nations. At what year of our history shall we fix those borders forever? Is the current balance of power, the just one are the current borders of Chardon, the correct ones. Should they be larger or smaller.
Mike Sackton: The argument the elves made when they withdrew.
Mike Sackton: You can act or you can withdraw. You can't not act, you can't just. You can't just refuse the power, the power is there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, no, no! I think I think this is the misunderstanding that the elves had. They believe.
Mike Sackton: I disagree with.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or to control or to withdraw, and instead, you can participate without controlling them.
Mike Sackton: No, because there's a difference. How do you participate when you can manipulate reality on an equal footing? You cannot give other people an equal footing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They can't.
Mike Sackton: Love it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Go of manipulating reality like that.
Mike Sackton: Can't let go of magic.
Mike Sackton: It's there, it's real. It's not going away.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The scale changes, it.
Mike Sackton: But I don't think it does. I don't think you have. You don't cast spells, Welby. You don't.
Mike Sackton: I think, grasp that. It's not a difference in kind, and the the power that comes
Mike Sackton: is real in the world, I mean, elves
Mike Sackton: don't grow food, we magic it into existence.
Mike Sackton: Should we stop and starve.
Eric Rosenbaum: Any choice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Couldn't make that choice for others.
Mike Sackton: But
Mike Sackton: but but that's presuming that the way the Crown works is by controlling others free will. And I don't.
Mike Sackton: I don't think it is
Mike Sackton: right.
Eric Rosenbaum: This sort of orches.
Mike Sackton: You are assuming that the crown can only work by overtaking others, wills.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You make that choice for others, though not just by overtaking their wills, but by changing the possibilities that are available to them.
Mike Sackton: But everything we do changes the possibilities is a healing spell, unfair because it changes their possibility.
Mike Sackton: What about raising somebody from the dead?
Mike Sackton: Was that unfair.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The scale is different, though it's different to fix borders forever. But it's different to.
Mike Sackton: Is it? Is it any different than casting a wish spell to create an enormous stone wall, to fix a border.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike Sackton: How is it different? It's the same.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You can tear it down again.
David S. Kong: So. So let's just just so deal with. Are you proposing that you are the one that has the appropriate disposition.
David S. Kong: sense of justice, and so on. To wield this.
Mike Sackton: I they don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait. So can we just take a second? I
Eric Rosenbaum: I want to know if there's any chance. This thing has been used on a different plane of existence, or if it can affect events on other planes.
Eric Rosenbaum: because that could also affect the possible trajectories it has had, that we might not be able to see through the mirror, and that it could have in the future.
David S. Kong: Interesting question.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we have any way of knowing anything about that, Tim?
Tim Sackton: No, I mean.
Mike Sackton: We could wait 7 days and show it to the mirror again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You're you don't actually know whether you can reshadow.
Mike Sackton: It might not work, but we could try right? We're not like in a rush to do anything.
Mike Sackton: I think Dallas
Mike Sackton: position is really, I'm actually convincing myself, like I wasn't sure when I started this conversation, but
Mike Sackton: I feel like Deleth is convincing himself that, or I'm feeling like Deleth feels pretty like this is a powerful artifact. And why are we? And it's not evil, and he's pretty convinced it's not evil. And
Mike Sackton: shouldn't we try to do some good with it?
David S. Kong: So let's let versa keep it.
Mike Sackton: And then the question is well.
Tim Sackton: But as there is, I mean
Tim Sackton: there's a there's an in-character and a Meta question.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: If you decide to keep it, and try and do some good with it, it has to be somebody who is willing to
Tim Sackton: turn their character into an Npc. And make a new character.
Tim Sackton: and it has to be somebody whose character in game is willing to take the responsibility.
Mike Sackton: And so I mean it. It
Mike Sackton: destroying. It really feels like a lost opportunity to deal with. It's really like, I mean, I'm not saying, I wouldn't. You could be convinced right.
Mike Sackton: And from both an in-game and a meta perspective, I'm actually not totally sure of what he would want to do but it. It really seems like this lost opportunity to
Mike Sackton: take to claw back something from
Mike Sackton: the to heal, something of the world that has not been healed since.
David S. Kong: Man the exact argument I was exactly making about reparations. And your and what was
David S. Kong: this is why Dallas was like
David S. Kong: when Kendra says that it's like, no, this is stupid. You're just power seeking with the crown and do something with it.
Mike Sackton: No, no! Well, 1st of all, to be fair.
Mike Sackton: we didn't. Dela did not trust that the crown wasn't cursed and corrupting until Kenzo soul sighted to find out that it wasn't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right like, for I think for
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): for well, be like again coming from like this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the sense of both like individual and total community I agree with you totally dealt with. It is genuinely. It would be a loss. I don't disagree with you at all. It would mean letting go of being able to do real good in the world.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But taking the longer view, there isn't any one person
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): who can decide what's good and right for everybody else.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No one should be able to do that.
Mike Sackton: But again, I mean Delethyl
Mike Sackton: devil is honestly upset that Kenzo unattuned. He would actually trust Kenzo to keep this thing.
Mike Sackton: I mean, except that out of game. Obviously, Kong, you don't want to give up playing Kenzel, I assume.
David S. Kong: I actually I you know, it's like, I think you know.
Mike Sackton: Could be the satisfying arc for Kenzo to be like I'm going to like right. But but.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Drastically undervalues the complexity of like what real reparation and healing means and looks like like.
Tim Sackton: No, no, that's just that's just a non magic.
Tim Sackton: There's no reason why it has to be an artifact of control. You are currently just using the power that Fausto built.
Tim Sackton: but nobody is attuned to it long enough to figure out how to do their own thing with it.
Tim Sackton: Right now. It's an artifact of control. That's what Fausto.
David S. Kong: Okay. So also Metagame also Metagame. Again, I think you know, Kate
David S. Kong: has to think a little bit about this for for herself and her. You know what she wants to do with Riswin, but Riswin is already like a like revered you know, kind of demigod being to the Orc like she, like like, has
David S. Kong: credential
David S. Kong: as like a as like a benevolent like entity, that is, is trustworthy like in those ways. There is like, you know, she's got some street cred, you know, as it relates to being able to, you know, be a you know.
Mike Sackton: But that was position would be that actually, the person taking this should have
Mike Sackton: a good thing they want to achieve, and the willingness and ability to
Mike Sackton: let it go, even if that means dying when that is done right and like.
Mike Sackton: like, you have to give it up right at the end. You do have to be the kind to to use this, you have to have a goal. You have to have something you actually want to achieve.
David S. Kong: Once you.
Mike Sackton: It would right.
David S. Kong: So Kenzo did like the mini version of that I literally like, did a bunch of stuff, and then just really gave it up.
Mike Sackton: Also would actually be perfect for this, because.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But also like what
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): there is no end. There's not. There's not an end to history like, unless you're trying to make a thing unless you're trying to build a thing like, unless your goal with it is to like build a mountain. If what you're trying to do is reshape
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the way that, like relationships between people work the way that politics works like. There is no end point to that, like, I think, for Welby, like there's a Welby, who has talked himself into the place that this should not exist in the world at all. Like.
Mike Sackton: But it does exist.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The very, the very notion that you should use it for the very notion that a person should have it, because they want to use it for good is itself evidence of their inability to do that.
Mike Sackton: See, I think what is most convincing to deal with is that it does exist in the world, and people will use it for evil.
Mike Sackton: And so, if everybody who would use it for good refuses because it is not.
Mike Sackton: you know, because they don't trust that anybody can use it for good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No.
Mike Sackton: Turns into.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good.
Mike Sackton: Balance becomes quite evil.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You're right, but remove it from the world. Unmake the thing.
Mike Sackton: But we can't.
David S. Kong: Yeah, we can.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not after like 2 days.
David S. Kong: I can.
Mike Sackton: No, no! Our assumption here from the from the Mirror vision is that if you say it'll be destroyed, what actually happens is it reforms as a plain, unmagical crown, until somebody finds it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But I think that's just.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's just not the right way to unmake the thing.
Mike Sackton: Well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like. If it's a piece of if it's a piece that's left behind
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): from 2 places that are sundered.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): put the pieces that belong over there over there, and the pieces that belong, I mean, there's a different kind of an unmaking.
Mike Sackton: Could a group of 20 I
Mike Sackton: personally, I don't think deal with would be interested in a quest to destroy it, and I'm not sure that I would be right. It seems a bit you're right. Maybe it could be unmade if you like, did the right stuff. But we're obviously we would need to, that would have to become our new party goal is to find a way to unmake this thing. And what do you do with it? In the meantime.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right, which also doesn't sound like Metagame, interesting as an adventure to go on. But like, I think philosophically, that's very much where will be is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Honestly, it's somehow gotten the cloak and the scepter and the crown at the same time. Finn.
Eric Rosenbaum: just think what we could have accomplished.
Mike Sackton: I mean, you know, if
Mike Sackton: if Welby was really interested in finding a way to unmake it, and you found one.
Mike Sackton: what you'd really want is for somebody who you'd want it to still be
Mike Sackton: controlled by somebody who is willing to let you unmake it.
David S. Kong: Like, where's my.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This feels like a I mean, is this a problem that we could get back to Rai to solve.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
David S. Kong: Whoa!
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's an interesting idea!
Tim Sackton: Gone. You have to go track him down and isn't gay.
David S. Kong: Well, that's what we're going. That's that's 1 of the side quests we're going to. Anyways.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, that's your level. 20 adventure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Idea, though we better hold on to the Crown until.
David S. Kong: Let's just look. I mean, you know, right now, like, do we have to decide this like right this second right now, it's just happily attuned with rizwin, where you know some good is happening right now with the Chardonians and the Chey light. We're gonna learn a little bit more about. We don't decide right now. Right this second.
Mike Sackton: It is 1230.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Easter is with.
Tim Sackton: We also don't have a next game scheduled. But yeah.
Mike Sackton: We should decide.
Mike Sackton: I think the metagame idea of the artifact here is that we probably can't.
Mike Sackton: We need to either destroy it or
Mike Sackton: give it to somebody else or somebody has to retire and become an Npc.
David S. Kong: Sure, but but for the time being it's attuned. It's safely attuned to Riswin. It's locked. It's in the portable. There's nothing we don't have to decide like, you know. Right? This second right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah. But we should.
Mike Sackton: I mean, if we're going to go off on some brand new quest the right time to introduce a new character if anybody did become an Npc. Is now not
Mike Sackton: in 3 months.
David S. Kong: But but but not now, like like 1230.
Mike Sackton: Not now, like, 1230. Yeah.
David S. Kong: Correct, correct.
Tim Sackton: So sorry. Go ahead.
Kate Sackton: I said, because Richmond has to work tomorrow, and the rest of you.
Tim Sackton: So okay, maybe what we should do this. This discussion turned more philosophical and longer than I anticipated.
Mike Sackton: This is literally why dealt with, was originally thinking he would steal it, because he knew all of your objections.
Eric Rosenbaum: Base.
Tim Sackton: Can we schedule another session.
David S. Kong: Sure.
Tim Sackton: So I know, Kong, you're go. You're on Thailand from the 15th to 29.th
Tim Sackton: Right. So realistically, either we skip January or what we play on the 14, th basically, or the 13.th
David S. Kong: Oh of- of January.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: I potentially could do 1314.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I could do 14, but not 13.
David S. Kong: 14 is, gonna be tough. I I'm I'm going. I'm flying to Thailand the next day. So it's like I gotta do a lot of shit that night.
David S. Kong: Is this like a are we gonna do a full session, or is it gonna be more like.
Tim Sackton: So here's my.
David S. Kong: Say, do you want to do like a 2 and a half hour, Metagame, and figure out what the hell we're doing next? We're gonna
David S. Kong: shorter. I can actually do a shorter one.
Tim Sackton: Maybe let's do that because I don't. I I need to start writing the next arc
Tim Sackton: I need to. I mean, I need to write an adventure for you, and it takes a long time to write adventures for level 17 parties. So I don't wanna.
Tim Sackton: I don't want to have nothing until like late January, early February, and then have nothing prepared. So I think let's can we do like a like 2 h like not a long like, not even really a in character thing too much. Just like.
Tim Sackton: maybe some more of this discussion make some decisions about what you're going to do next. Possibly what you do next might involve some significant amount of downtime
Tim Sackton: before you go on your next quest. And so we could consider what the
Tim Sackton: what might happen during that time and sort of resolve this all, and then on the 14, th we can schedule something in, you know, early February, whatever, which would be the beginning of the next actual adventure.
David S. Kong: Yeah, that works.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so.
David S. Kong: If we're gonna do that, can we do the 13? th Then.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I have a conflict on the 13.th
David S. Kong: To be the 14.th
David S. Kong: Okay, that's fine. 5 to 7 should be fine in the booking.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What time zone are you in con? On the 14.th
David S. Kong: Pt.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Bye.
David S. Kong: So that's 8 8 o'clock. Eastern Standard Standard time.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So like, like 8, 8 to 10, roughly.
David S. Kong: Yeah, that's great.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: this is dependent on you guys like not spending 4 h having another philosophical discussion for 4 more hours. Right?
Mike Sackton: In fairness. This was only 45 min.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And I think we can.
Kate Sackton: We could circulate proposals. I mean, we've been nominated willingly or not to the committee of what to do with the super.
Mike Sackton: Exactly.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. World, altering, sound.
Mike Sackton: I think realistically.
Mike Sackton: I don't think anybody thinks Seeker would be. I don't think anybody in game thinks Seeker would be. It.
David S. Kong: No no way.
Mike Sackton: Good steward of this.
Mike Sackton: No
Mike Sackton: right, and I don't think Eric would want. I mean, I don't think Secret thinks he would be either right, like Eric's not gonna
Mike Sackton: has lots.
Tim Sackton: If seeker takes it. Seek, I mean, seeker is gonna become the villain most for sure.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: Like it doesn't make any sense from a metagame perspective or in-game perspective for seeker to take it. And I don't think Welby has any interest also. So I think it boils down to either deciding Metagame wise that we should just destroy it, despite Delif's misgivings, because
Mike Sackton: it doesn't make sense for anything else or deal with. I'm pretty convinced Delith has no interest in giving it. There's nobody he would trust to like. Give it to. It's too.
David S. Kong: All right except Kensa.
Mike Sackton: Or rizwin can do a rizwin.
David S. Kong: It's okay. Again, like, yeah. And I think this is, this is for Kate also to ruminate. But like, I think there is like an interesting story Arc, where, like Rizwin, is like a you know.
Mike Sackton: But.
David S. Kong: Like a trusted guardian of this thing.
Mike Sackton: I, I could certainly imagine, dealt with keeping it, although I haven't not a hundred percent sure I want to give up dealt with. So I still need to think about that. But
Mike Sackton: in game it would. He would be willing to take it for sure. I'm just not certain of the Meta.
Mike Sackton: I could see him agreeing for Riswin to do it, but only if Rizwin knows why she like he would feel kind of uncertain about Riswin just being like
Mike Sackton: I want it, cause nobody else will take it. And I'm just gonna make everybody pray a lot right like.
Mike Sackton: like, what's the point? Right? It has to be a better pitch.
David S. Kong: It's still. It's still riswin and acting like the will. It's sort of like the 12 the Council, you know. It's like you got. There's still like a larger, a larger body.
David S. Kong: you know.
Tim Sackton: If Rizman does want to take it, an interesting quest from a Meta world building perspective would be to
Tim Sackton: mess with Thark, Freemore, Orcs.
David S. Kong: May work.
Tim Sackton: Into a, into a real non.
Mike Sackton: Honestly.
David S. Kong: That's pretty cool. That would really.
Mike Sackton: I mean, if wisdom came up with that, that would totally sell, dealt with.
David S. Kong: That's pretty dope.
Mike Sackton: If Rislin was like, Okay, actually, I've thought about it, and I would like to go try to like turn.
David S. Kong: The rainbow.
Mike Sackton: Orcs into the main Orcs like.
David S. Kong: That's pretty dope.
Mike Sackton: That's a compell. That's a something that Riswyn's dealt with would never feel comfortable like he's not.
Mike Sackton: He's not in the right play like that's Riswyn's quest. Not like she's all related to the Orcs from all the heroics and all the stuff. She did right.
David S. Kong: That's pretty dope.
Mike Sackton: So like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where we thought.
Mike Sackton: Are we figuring this out right now, or.
Tim Sackton: Drifted. Kate needs nobody's gonna make Kate make a decision about.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, I'm just saying realistically, we're basically deciding whether Della takes it. Kate takes it or we destroy it. I don't really think there's any other choice.
Mike Sackton: Those are the only 3. Welby can't even take it anymore because he tried and failed twice, so
Mike Sackton: only tried once.
Tim Sackton: You failed once. It's a DC. To take it just goes up each time you fail. Once you have attuned to it, you can't re attune to it once you've given it up, you can't re attune.
Kate Sackton: Like the path of the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We'll be super confident that to take it would be to deactivate it. So that's.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, so I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Utility.
Mike Sackton: If if Welby would not agree to keep it right. So we're basically either Riswin keeps it. Deleth takes it or Welby takes it, and Welby taking it's the we destroy it, Riswin is. And really Kate
Mike Sackton: and I need to think about dealt with versus like, if but if Kate, if you want to make up a new character like that would be a pretty that would be a relatively satisfying
Tim Sackton: Let's.
Mike Sackton: Brisbane.
Tim Sackton: About it on the 14.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Good night.
Tim Sackton: Everyone everybody congratulations on.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: That was fun. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Was amazing.
Tim Sackton: We can. We can do a little, Meta.
Tim Sackton: You can ask about how much I planned in advance at the next session.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sounds good alright. Good night.
Mike Sackton: Good night, everybody!
David S. Kong: Take care, everybody, bye.